Learning should not be forced. Learning should be encouraged.
Hurry!
It would take forever to explain everything.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it's not like you.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
I came to Tokyo three years ago and have been living here ever since.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
When you start looking like your passport photo you should go on vacation.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
That is rather unexpected.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
That's the absolute truth.
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me.
The murderer was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
If you teach me how to dance, I will show you my hidden scars.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
The problem with many things is the pre-conceived ideas we have about them!
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
When I was a child, I would spend hours reading alone in my room.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
It is still possible to make a profit when prices are falling.
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
It's impossible to learn English in a month.
It's dangerous to talk on the phone and drive at the same time.
Happy New Year!
"Have you ever been to New York?" "Yes, I've been there a couple of times."
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
If it were not for water, we couldn't live.
If I had 25% more income, I'd be more satisfied with my life.
Written in technical terms, this book is very difficult to understand.
How can you make your way in life without a good education?
The United Nations General Assembly adopted the cease-fire resolution.
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
A cat has nine lives.
On New Year's Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
Since their conversation was in French, I couldn't understand a word.
It's been three days.
Spring comes after winter.
Sugar dissolves in water.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
It was Saturday night.
She turned off the lights.
While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
Christmas is soon.
You must be a fool.
Will it hurt a lot?
So far as this matter is concerned, I am completely satisfied.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow, but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic.
She cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father.
Maybe you're right.
Nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration.
The problem is that our car will not be available on that day.
She taught me how to swim.
Do you believe in God?
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
He consoled himself with the thought that it might have been worse.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
How about a cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
It's hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure.
Some young Japanese people prefer being single to being married.
Can you help me?
Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings.
If it hadn't been for the seatbelt, I wouldn't be alive today.
She cried all night.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
You made an error.
All communication with the mainland was cut off by the typhoon.
I like outdoor sports, such as baseball, tennis and soccer.
Cook the mushrooms for about three minutes and then add the washed and finely-chopped parsley.
Yesterday I was ill.
It was cold yesterday.
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
It was five days after she graduated that my daughter left Osaka Airport for Germany.
I was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days.
I'm tired. I just want to go on the teacup ride and take it easy.
I don't understand you.
Take an umbrella with you.
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
Please write down your name, address, and phone number here.
You are always late.
I'd rather go for a walk than see the movie.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
Some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
I had been working for two hours when I suddenly felt sick.
You may be right.
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?
She's seventeen.
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
They argue a lot, but for the most part they get along quite well together.
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
I may have met him somewhere before, but I can't recall where.
It took me more than a week to put the model ship together.
I would like to express my gratitude to her.
To the best of my knowledge, this is the only translation available.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
We missed our plane because of the traffic jam.
A study reports that 53,000 Americans die each year as a result of secondhand smoke.
It was gambling that brought about his ruin.
Tennis is difficult. I never know which way the ball is going to fly.
He was kind enough to take us over to the island in his boat.
When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
If you put more tea leaves into the pot, the tea will taste better.
If you are to succeed, you must work harder.
It seldom snows in this part of the country.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
The party in power is corrupt, but the opposition is little better.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
Unfortunately, the hotel that you suggested was completely booked up.
She speaks fairly quickly.
"Thank you, I'd love to have another piece of cake," said the shy young man.
That'll put you in danger.
Last night someone broke into the small shop near my house.
Our teacher permitted us to use a dictionary during the test.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
Yesterday the teacher told us that he would give us a test today.
Yesterday the teacher told us that he would give us a test today.
We're confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about 365 days.
The bird spread its wings.
Such an economic program will help the rich at the expense of the poor.
I took my little sister by the hand when we crossed the street.
You're overworked.
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
If it were not for air and water, nothing alive would exist.
To do him justice, he did his best with his limited men and supplies.
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
We need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away.
I could understand the first few sentences, but the rest of his speech was all Greek to me.
If you have no liking for modern music, you will not enjoy this concert.
Thanks to my mother's help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
He asked the policeman how many people had been killed in traffic accidents the previous day.
I'm afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
He can be trusted.
You could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience.
Many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
The price was only three thousand yen, or about thirty dollars.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
After spending three weeks looking for a job, he found a well-paid one.
She testified against him.
Hi.
Thank you for your advice.
If two people have the same opinion, one of them is redundant.
Last night, I ate some asparagus and ham at my friend's house.
Take advantage of the fact that you don't have to write a dissertation.
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
You look very pale.
You need a haircut.
You broke the rules.
You are very brave.
You can study here.
Sometimes when it's very cold, I can't get my car to start.
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children.
Suddenly it began to rain.
Thanks.
It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
She was in such a hurry that she left her umbrella behind on the train.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
I'm sorry, but I am against this project.
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
Can anyone pronounce this word?
I need an envelope, a piece of paper, and a pencil or a pen.
The results of the election will appear in the evening paper.
After getting through customs, I was free to go wherever I wanted.
My mother acquired her knowledge of English in the United States.
The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
At the end of the class, the teacher said, "That's enough for today."
I went with them so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
The baby opened his mouth.
The food in my country is not very different from that of Spain.
It's the first time that anybody said something like that to me.
The vice-president attended the ceremony on behalf of the president.
I think that as long as I don't overeat, I will certainly lose weight.
Finding one's way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
The children took their ice skates and made for the frozen pond.
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
Please call me when you have decided what you would like to do.
This is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time.
"How far is it from here to the station?" "It is about two miles."
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
You speak a bit too fast for me. Could you speak a bit more slowly, please?
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
When you watch television or listen to the radio, the music which you hear is often African in origin.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
People are suffering from the contamination of the water supply.
The child was scolded by his mother in the presence of others.
He studied the harder because he was praised by his teacher.
It is better to live rich, than to die rich.
I wish I had more time to talk to you.
The mountains in the Himalayas are higher than those in the Andes.
Of course, to be valuable, an old carpet must be in good condition.
Why do you insist on paying for your school expenses yourself, when your parents are willing to give you financial support?
A lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station.
My brother and sister get up about seven-thirty every morning.
The man I thought was the criminal didn't have any connection to the incident.
Machida is an interesting city that's a mix of the old and the new.
The road across the mountain was narrow, and what's more, it was a steep slope.
His behavior at the party was so humorous that I could not help laughing.
Her illness kept her in the hospital for six weeks.
You say I should know him quite well, but as a matter of fact, I was introduced to him only last week.
If you come across an unfamiliar word, look it up in your dictionary.
Each of their opinions has both good points and bad points.
He gave up taking part in the marathon on account of his cold.
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
She turned down the radio.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Suddenly it began to rain.
She was afraid of the dog.
I didn't tell him the truth because I was afraid of hurting his feelings.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
You're a good cook.
This letter is personal, and I don't want anyone else to read it.
A lot of companies have pared their staff down to a minimum.
This is the TV station where my uncle works as an announcer.
There was so much stuff on his desk that he had nowhere to write.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
I'm engaged tomorrow, so I've arranged for someone else to take my place.
Publication of this month's issue will probably be delayed one week.
The power plant supplies the remote district with electricity.
This power station alone provides several cities with electricity.
If you want to study in the United States, you need to get a student visa.
Good night.
The woman downed the gin and lime that was served in one swallow.
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
However, the princess had barricaded herself in her room and wouldn't come out.
The bride's father showed up late for the wedding ceremony.
Rich mineral deposits have been discovered recently in Afghanistan.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a bicycle.
I'd like to make an appointment for the day after tomorrow.
We think the reason for his success was because of hard work.
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
I discussed it with my father and decided to change my job.
A society without religion is like a ship without a compass.
It's very difficult to transport them overland, but simple to do so by sea.
It was a terrible day.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
This apartment is bigger than any other one in the building.
The sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees.
This might not have anything to do with our problem.
My father suggested that we go to the movies this afternoon.
Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
I would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible.
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
In the 6th century, the Anglo-Saxons adopted Roman characters.
The number of students going abroad to study is increasing each year.
Take off your wet clothes.
She showed me her new car.
The sudden increase of ultraviolet rays made the researchers believe in the existence of ozone holes.
It can't be helped.
I can't accept the invitation because I have another engagement.
The baseball game was so exciting that everyone stayed until the very end.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
The train was derailed and about thirty passengers were either killed or injured.
There were many injured people, but hardly any people were missing.
Being 25 letters long, 'anticonstitutionnellement' is the longest word in French.
Some people go after fame.
"Why have you started learning to play the piano?" "Because I want to be a music teacher."
Switzerland is a very beautiful country and well worth visiting.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
Romeo, believing that Juliet was dead, decided to kill himself.
When taking drugs, follow the directions on the bottle carefully.
The nervous girl is in the habit of chewing the end of her pencil.
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference?
I heard the news that there had been a big earthquake in Awaji.
My father was late for work this morning because of a traffic jam.
He was way behind on his rent. As a result, he was evicted from his apartment.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
This ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user.
We associate the name of Darwin with the theory of evolution.
The man who I thought was his father proved to be a perfect stranger.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
Today's a school day. I'd better make sure not to be late ...
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
During the summer vacation, I made friends with many villagers.
Foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
He kept it secret that he had bought a bicycle for his son.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
If you push this button, the door will open.
That's my sister's camera.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
"Is it the first time you've been here?" "Yes, it's my first visit."
The first group studies in the morning, and the second group studies in the afternoon.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
Tickets are valid for just two days, including the day they are purchased on.
Tell me why she is crying.
The older you are, the more difficult it is to learn a language.
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
How late is it?
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.
She's a very good teacher.
You're lying to me.
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
I want to travel this summer, but I don't know where to go.
It really tastes good.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
You look so pale.
It's no use thinking about one's lost youth.
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.
Ultimately, space flight will be beneficial to all mankind.
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
At first he had trouble adjusting to living in his new house.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
The national flag of the USA is called the Stars and Stripes.
It was stupid of him to turn down her offer.
Three workers on board the truck were killed in the accident.
Who are you?
In this paper, I compare the folklores of Germany and Holland.
Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, was an ophthalmologist.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
It's better to take your time at this job than to hurry and make mistakes.
My father said he would reserve a day to take me to the zoo.
If you read between the lines, this letter is a request for money.
When you come across new words, you must look them up in your dictionary.
You look very pale.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
Cesar Chavez died in 1993 at the age of sixty-six. More than 40,000 people attended his funeral.
When the storm was over, we began to make preparations to leave the port.
You are very brave.
You're very brave.
If I don't fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
We are currently working to restore normal service as soon as possible.
In legal documents, difficult words and phrases are often used.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
The optimist looks into a mirror and becomes more optimistic, the pessimist more pessimistic.
Since you like to write letters, why don't you drop her a line?
Please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown.
The bell has not rung yet.
My sister, a university student, won first prize in the speech contest.
I regret to say that the product you have asked for is currently out of stock.
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
Kinshasa is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Please play it back for me after you've finished the recording.
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
That won't have an effect.
You will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator.
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido, Shikoku, Honshu and Kyushu.
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.
She really likes antiques.
People living in town don't know the pleasures of country life.
Esperanto, Ido, Interlingua, Klingon, Lojban, Na'vi and Volapük are constructed languages.
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.
The town is supplied with water from a reservoir in the hills.
Sudden decrease in appetite is sometimes a sign of illness.
That house belongs to him.
The earth is different from the other planets in that it has water.
After a few minutes, I began to lose interest in the conversation.
He said that if he had much money, he would buy the dictionary.
The true secret of writing a good letter is to write as if you were talking.
While she was running after the naughty boy, one of her shoes came off.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
Instead of waiting for a contract, we can handle it over the phone.
Let this smoky air out of the room and let some fresh air in.
More students apply to the university than can be accepted.
Lawyers and auto mechanics are the people I trust the least.
The apple is not yet ripe.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
Women like to talk.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
Because of the bad weather, the plane was delayed three hours.
Because of the bad weather, the plane was delayed three hours.
Six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend.
As far as the eye could see, nothing could be seen except cornfields.
It was not until I visited Australia that I realized how small Japan was.
If you were to win the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
When I was a child, I was spanked if I did something wrong.
My desire to become a doctor grew out of looking after my sickly brother.
It goes without saying that camels are very useful in the Middle East.
Although he was born in England, he speaks English very badly.
The local train is less comfortable than the express train.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
He's not lazy. On the contrary, I think he's a hard worker.
She's very happy-go-lucky.
Most of the time, he doesn't get to sleep before two or even three o'clock in the morning.
You have to put off your departure for England till next week.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Konrad Adenauer was the first chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
Since it was late at night and I was very tired, I stayed at an inn.
A very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess.
Stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think.
I was going 120 kilometers an hour when the police stopped me.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
Come again tomorrow afternoon, when I will have more time to talk with you.
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
Help!
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
I ran as fast as possible, but I was not in time for the last train.
The story of a great flood is very common in world mythology.
Do you want to dance with me?
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
You'll get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant.
Money isn't everything, but if you have no money, you can't do anything.
Money isn't everything, but if you have no money, you can't do anything.
Money isn't everything, but if you have no money, you can't do anything.
Money isn't everything, but if you have no money, you can't do anything.
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
She wept the entire night.
She will have her own way.
Eat everything on your plate, or you won't get any dessert.
Jealousy in a relationship is often brought about by a lack of trust.
I looked around and noticed that mine was the only car on the road.
The book is too expensive.
I like steak better than anything else, and eat it every other day.
That's the spirit.
A man's heart is about as large as his fist.
It's hard for me to live on my small income.
It is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life.
Running as fast as she could, she still failed to catch the bus.
In judging his work, you should make allowances for his lack of experience.
The news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue.
They have demanded that all copies of the book be destroyed.
Stratford-on-Avon, where Shakespeare was born, is visited by many tourists every year.
This is a sentence that has the syllable count of a haiku.
There's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
Although each person follows a different path, our destinations are the same.
You're very brave.
He is not much better, and there is a little hope of recovery.
Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
I lived in Japan for 2 years, but now I'm living in California.
Japanese people are fortunate to live in a land with natural hot springs.
His dress is that of gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
Take the pan off the fire.
She couldn't think what to give the children for Christmas.
Last night there was a fire near here, and I couldn't sleep.
There's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words.
The weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on.
You must be joking!
This ought to bring in enough money to put us back in the black.
In Tokyo, wild birds are decreasing in number year by year.
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park.
Sixty percent of Japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one's way of looking at one's life.
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, they went through the contract again.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
This firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day.
The talk between labor and management yielded no definite results.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
How are you and your wife doing, now that the birds have all flown the coop?
I had hardly sat down on the bench when I found it had just been painted.
The most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen.
I would like to buy this watch, but unfortunately it's just too expensive.
On my way to school each day, I generally see many dogs and cats.
The baby needs his mother.
To be honest, I don't understand the reasons for such actions.
Sorry to trouble you.
She put her sweater on.
I told her once and for all that I would not go shopping with her.
I sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness.
If you have not yet paid this bill, please let us hear from you.
She was going up a ladder.
"Any good news in today's paper?" "No, nothing in particular."
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
He forgot part of his speech and had to ad-lib for a while.
I do not believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
She had never seen New York before, so I offered to show her around.
There were many who couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
The company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services.
It is courageous of you to say such a thing.
Will it rain today?
In case you haven't noticed, I've been waiting for two hours.
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
The president was sitting in the chair with his back to the window.
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
They attributed the low death rate of infants to the progress of medicine.
Of all the houses we've looked at, this one is by far the best.
The nation's trade balance improved last year as exports were strong, while imports remained steady.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
American forces announced the completion of their mission in Iraq.
This tradition has been passed down from generation to generation.
The twins look so much alike it's next to impossible to distinguish one from the other.
Live and learn.
I can give you a copy of the report, but I can't vouch for its accuracy.
Philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world.
By the year 2020, the population of this city will have doubled.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
Fear of pollution discouraged people from building homes near power plants.
We would have bought the plane tickets if the price had been a little lower.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
City life has advantages and disadvantages.
The twin girls are so much alike that I can't tell one from the other.
A politician must always be able to account for money he receives.
Why do I even care?
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
Stop!
A time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people.
We will move into our new house next month if it is completed by then.
Many groups of immigrants have been assimilated into American society.
To do him justice, we must admit that his intentions were good.
They disguised themselves as fishermen and escaped in a boat.
The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
There are many beautiful things on earth that I don't need.
They say that Firefox is downloaded over 8 million times a day.
I'd rather stay at home than go fishing.
The demonstration at City Hall started getting out of hand.
That's not entirely wrong.
I had not been waiting long before I heard footsteps coming upstairs.
Abraham Lincoln was buried in his hometown of Springfield, Illinois.
You look very pale.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
She talked about Paris as if she had been there many times.
We must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations.
I have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash.
The well being of the nation is the government's responsibility.
He did well in all subjects and, above all, in mathematics.
Taking no notice of the people around them, the boys talked loudly to each other.
I always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
I gave up on the idea of buying a house.
Will you help them?
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
She's very afraid of dogs.
You lean on your parents too much. You must be more independent.
I don't go to the movies alone because I like to talk to someone about the movie afterwards.
It's a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
She dropped her handkerchief on purpose to draw his attention.
I don't care.
We did our best to help him, but he didn't so much as say thank you.
I can't go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.
Tell me whose hat this is.
Three boys came in. I spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest.
I'm afraid I won't be able to take part in the meeting tonight.
He's the last person I would ask help from, because he is completely unreliable.
If you believe what politicians say, it's really your own fault.
Autumn is just around the corner. It's about time the weather started cooling off.
There's a huge difference between "making oneself understood" and "completely mastering English."
Such a lifestyle appears rather uninteresting to Americans.
The goods ordered from England last month have not arrived yet.
My grandmother had been sick for a week when I visited her.
The grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it, and his arm was blown off!
She promised that she would pay me this week, but she didn't keep her word.
He returned to his native village, where he spent the last few years of his life.
I cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood.
The new station building is under construction and will be completed soon.
His dress is that of gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
There's also a great deal of so called behind-the-scenes work.
I have a feeling that something dreadful is going to happen.
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs.
Due to my lumbago, I won't be able to attend Koizumi's party.
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
If you alter the plan, you must inform the team members of the changes.
This program has both downloading and uploading capabilities.
Hi.
Some of the students played tennis, and the others played volleyball.
He is so crazy about his new car that he goes driving every Sunday.
Today's weather forecast says that it is likely to be fine tomorrow.
The workers like to gather in a pub where they can let their hair down.
You're interested in a career in foreign relations, aren't you?
It's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
It's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
It was difficult for me to find the entrance to that building.
At first, he thought English very difficult, but now he thinks it is easy.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
I will make up for the lost time by working as hard as I can.
He knocked at the door again and again, but there was no answer.
In spite of the language difficulty, we soon became friends.
According to this magazine, the economic situation in Japan is getting worse year by year.
A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn't.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
Those who choose not to read have no advantage over those who can't read.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
His shoes were so old that his toes were sticking out of them.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
Nothing makes us age faster than the thought that we're ageing fast.
Whether the problem is important or unimportant, you must solve it.
He built hospitals and helped the people of Africa improve their lives.
We will keep you informed of things that happen here in Japan.
Six months have passed since the author was killed in an accident.
You must have a driver's license before you can drive a car.
Terms were signed between Japan, Germany, Great Britain and the United States.
The traffic was very heavy. The cars were lined up bumper to bumper.
Sometimes it's hard to be tactful and honest at the same time.
He equipped himself with everything needed to climb the mountain.
I went to Sendai and came right back without staying there overnight.
If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
Sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death.
If you keep on like this, you'll probably live to reach 120!
The juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air.
He still writes novels from time to time, but not as often as he used to.
She was forced to confess.
The fire which caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
We must always consider the feelings of others.
If I had enough money, I would buy the book.
Until Manet painted this picture, his female nudes were limited to goddesses.
A samurai, even when he has not eaten, uses a toothpick like a lord.
The pyramids of Egypt are one of the seven wonders of the world.
It's an American tradition to make a wish on your birthday.
The hotel provided a wire in the bathroom for hanging wet clothes.
I'm not sure whether to stay home or go out.
It's not known who first invented the wheel.
I wanted to buy the book, but I found I had no more than 200 yen with me.
The book is about the law.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
We all pigged out at the company Christmas party, especially on the roast beef.
The coffee stain was difficult to remove.
It was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct.
You should take advantage of the good weather to paint the fence.
To the astonishment of the whole city, the mayor was arrested.
If you don't know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
Because of some technical problem, a movie was shown in place of the announced program.
To my surprise, he got married to a very beautiful actress.
I never look at this picture without thinking of those happy days.
If you were to hear him speak French, you would take him for a Frenchman.
Though the doctor did his best, the patient's recovery was slow.
She was as thin as a rail.
The weather here is getting cold and I really do not like that.
The police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door.
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
My wife and I like to go out for Chinese food once in a while.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night, and neither do I.
Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
Each year many children are kidnapped by members of their own families.
The number of Europeans who visit Thailand every year is very large.
The president was greeted by the queen on arrival at the palace.
You should have enough sense not to drink, at least during your illness.
I'd like to put my valuables in a safe deposit box, if any are available.
She first came into contact with Japanese culture last year.
The pay was good, and that was their only motivation to participate in the study.
This room is too hot to study in. I can't stand it any more.
This is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend who is wise and helpful.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
These straw mats, called "tatami" in Japanese, are no longer made by hand.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
I'm concerned about my wife's hacking cough.
That chimney is very high.
In the future, you have to get here on time.
He insisted on going to the department store with his mother.
I am sorry to write such a long letter. I didn't have time to write a short one.
Such was his pride that he could not bring himself to ignore the insult.
In a democracy, it is important that the press be independent.
He insisted on going to the department store with his mother.
You can rely on her.
His large income makes it possible for him to travel overseas every year.
The family took a vote on the type of restaurant they wanted to go to for dinner.
Reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government.
Why do you love me?
A woman wrote 30 books about how to become happy, and then committed suicide.
Is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses?
Maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure.
What would you do if the world were to come to an end tomorrow?
If you compare him with his older brother, you'll see the difference.
They didn't kill him. They just roughed him up a bit as a warning.
They didn't kill him. They just roughed him up a bit as a warning.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest at this point.
I have many visas in my passport because I travel a lot for my job.
Many parents believe that there is too much violence on TV.
People were told to stay indoors because of the violence in the streets.
We sued the insurance company because it violated the terms of our policy.
It was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
Victims of the hurricane received financial aid from the government.
The book is available in both hard and soft-cover versions.
Portugal has decriminalized the personal possession of drugs.
The results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court.
Squaw Valley, California, is one of the largest ski resorts in the United States.
Workers in France receive four weeks of paid vacation each year.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
The boss said it's urgent!
The boss said it's urgent!
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
We hired a crane to lift the new air conditioner and place it on the roof.
The exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
Everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
When I was small, my father used to throw me up in the air.
After her husband's death, she brought up the four children by herself.
She bought some paper that she could use for writing letters.
The celebrations culminated in a spectacular fireworks display.
An orphan at three, he was brought up by a distant relative.
Don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
In 2008, Delta and Northwest airlines united to form the world's largest airline.
This caterpillar will become a beautiful butterfly.
I'm a regular at a restaurant in this neighborhood. Let's have lunch there today.
There has been another case of cholera in the neighborhood.
The sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be drunk very soon.
In the United States, fluoride is added to the drinking water.
Day after day, the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station.
She hasn't come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
Magicians trick their audience into believing they have special powers.
The witness did not seem nervous when he spoke at the trial.
Holmes went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
There's a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
It will take me more than three hours to look over the document.
The old man was hit by a car and was immediately taken to the hospital.
The old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital.
Many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons.
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country's enemies.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
When you wake up tomorrow morning, you will find a wonderful thing.
One of the greatest hurdles facing middle school students learning English is relative pronouns.
When I saw the ghost, I was so frightened that my hair stood on end.
The Japanese writing system is very complicated, it has three alphabets with more than two thousand characters.
He doesn't realize that he doesn't have time for these things.
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind.
Strictly speaking, Chinese consists of hundreds of dialects.
They hired a moving company to transport their belongings to their new home.
He is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
We found out recently that some foxes live here on this mountain.
Tropical rainforests produce oxygen and consume carbon dioxide.
The confused travelers realized they were headed toward the wrong town.
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
I want to get that classic car no matter how expensive it is.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
It is illegal in the United States for law enforcement to use torture to get information.
It was torture for him to see his girlfriend with another man.
The patient's lung tissue was damaged from years of working in a coal mine.
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.
In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the ball.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
Scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs.
Terrorists attacked the World Trade Center in New York City in 2001.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
The roadblock is only temporary. It will be removed when the construction is finished.
Tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside.
The programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server.
You need technical knowledge to understand how this system works.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
I've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
My son practices with his Little League baseball team every weekend.
My TV set is almost 15 years old, but it still has a good picture.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
When I woke up this morning, the rain had turned into snow.
When I heard the news on the radio, a chill ran down my spine.
You should be on your guard when doing business with strangers.
We saw what looked like an oasis in the desert.
The U.S. exports billions of dollars' worth of passenger airplanes.
We sat down and hashed out all the details until we reached an agreement.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
She seldom eats breakfast.
She was there all morning.
"When did you return?" "I came back the day before yesterday."
The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
The police carefully investigated the cause of the accident.
I'm looking forward to the return of spring.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
It is not until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
Our vacation was so much fun that we decided to stay an extra week.
It was a dry year, and many animals starved.
We have a magnificent view of the ocean from our hotel room.
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
The silence in the library was disturbed by the ringing of a cell phone.
It's dangerous to ignore the signal at a railroad crossing.
We were shocked when the landlord raised our rent by $200.00 a month.
Did you have to share a bedroom with your brothers or sisters?
Did you have to share a bedroom with your brothers or sisters?
Did you have to share a bedroom with your brothers or sisters?
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before.
Some snakes are poisonous.
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
It is easy to form a plan, but it is difficult to carry it out.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
In order to get a better look at that picture, I'd like to get a little closer.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
Originally, Abraham Lincoln wanted all slaves to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean.
My grandfather went to the hospital to seek help for his stomach pain.
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.
If you have any doubts, let me know without any hesitation.
I'd rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear.
There are some important questions that science cannot answer.
The first artificial satellite was Sputnik 1, launched by Russia in 1957.
In spite of our encouragement, he decided to throw in the towel.
It was not until yesterday that I heard about the accident.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
We rose from our seats when the national anthem was played.
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
The hospital restricts the number of visitors who can enter the intensive care unit.
You have nice skin.
She turned off the lights.
If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to let me know.
Is there anything that I can do to help you?
The president resigned from office after an investigation showed he had lied to voters.
The vice president represented his country at the international conference.
In swimming pools, water is continuously pumped through a filter.
The child protested against having to swallow the medicine.
She gets lost really easily. She's got no sense of direction.
It is said that global warming is directly related to carbon dioxide emissions.
Can you say that again?
The Army Air Corps, which became the U.S. Air Force, began in 1928.
Atlanta, Georgia has one of the busiest airports in the world.
We are becoming very aware of the dangers of secondhand smoke.
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he likes the Lions, too.
Since he was tired, he was sitting on the sofa with his eyes closed.
He seldom gets sick because he is careful about his health.
I'll never forget the day when we first met.
Millions of people were living in poverty after the earthquake.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
We often hear it said that Japanese people are conservative.
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for 200 million yen.
Tom persuaded the store manager to give him back his money.
Tom asked his girlfriend to pardon him for forgetting her birthday.
Would you like to attend the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans?
Would you like to attend the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans?
Would you like to attend the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans?
It took three days to paint the whole house.
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan.
I am very grateful to you for what you've done for my family.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
She refused my invitation.
Did you not know that?
They were swearing at each other at the top of their voices.
This house was on the market for three years before it sold.
Have you ever thought about donating your organs after you die?
The distance from the sun to the earth is about 93 million miles.
The distance from the sun to the earth is about 93 million miles.
Had she been a friend of mine, I would have advised her not to do that.
If you had been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
Thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to Atlanta.
I think she probably just thinks of herself as one of the boys.
My robot will prepare meals, clean, wash dishes, and perform other household tasks.
This old building isn't worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
Once we start reading a book, we should read it all the way through.
You ought not to have kept her waiting on such a cold night.
That man asked me who I was, but I didn't think it was necessary to answer that question.
He always takes advantage of the mistakes made by his rivals.
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of Iran and North Korea.
Our price is considerably higher than the current market price.
We've considered your proposal, and we've decided that we aren't able to reduce the price.
We believe that you will be able to make a price concession.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
More than 70 percent of the inhabitants are in favor of the program.
The people protested against the low altitude flight training.
We concluded, however that the price of 5,000,000 yen was too high.
With this price, your product would not be competitive in the Japanese market.
I always buy a top quality product even if it is slightly more expensive.
Tom noted in his report that the stock market was a factor in the company's failure.
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
We bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift.
If the weather clears up, we'll go for a walk in the forest.
In Tokyo, the cold season starts in the middle of November.
There is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in Tokyo.
There is no telling when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
Are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night?
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
If you need some money, why don't you borrow some from your mother?
Town criers used to tell people what they must do, according to the king's orders.
They renovated their grandmother's house and brought in modern furniture.
She's not here to defend herself against these accusations.
It is illegal to sell cigarettes to a minor.
I have a nasty feeling something's gone wrong.
It was very windy that day, and I had my umbrella blown inside out.
I keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office.
I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
The leaders of seven industrial democracies will meet in Okinawa in 2000.
The author is seventy, but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago.
Since I didn't eat anything for breakfast, I'm very hungry now.
She won many competitions.
She was run over by a car.
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
Though I've decided to go to the party, I'm not looking forward to it.
I'm very interested in classical literature.
I just received a message that the meeting has been canceled.
I just received a message that the meeting has been canceled.
I just received a message that the meeting has been canceled.
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial honors U.S. service members who fought in the Vietnam War.
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
Light waves travel through space and various kinds of materials.
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
The teacher pointed out the grammatical errors made by the students.
It might be a wedding.
Nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as Freud.
I suspected that he was telling a lie, but that didn't surprise me.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
The number of students who come late to class has lately been increasing.
Her hands are small, but not so small that she can't play the piano.
Our life depends largely on oil imported from other countries.
When I got out of bed, the sun was already high in the sky.
Since he could not work out the problem that way, he tried another way.
Now that you are no longer young, you must think of your future.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
As his lips got bluer, I nervously waited for the ambulance.
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
Our captain got sick, so I attended the meeting in his place.
A building with high ceilings and huge rooms may be less practical than the colorless block of offices that takes its place, but it often fits in well with its surroundings.
The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic.
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.
It was her little sister that broke her toy.
You are supposed to take off your shoes when entering a house in Japan.
Scientific knowledge has greatly advanced since the 16th century.
Their financial problems began in the second half of the year.
Forests regulate the water cycle and take away harmful carbon dioxide.
This scandal has severely damaged the public image of our company.
I hope that Japan will abide by Article 9 of her Constitution.
The number of students who were late for school was much smaller than I had expected.
The population of Tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
He had been repairing the car and looked tired when I arrived home.
If it had not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
That old man had been making homemade whiskey for fifty years.
It's important for us to think about the future of the world.
My husband is an expert when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
Pigeons can find their way home with the help of the Earth's magnetic field.
I couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.
The value of his discovery was not realized until after his death.
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from him by now.
Will he ever do it?
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
A female friend of ours took a trip to a small village last week.
I ate the apple.
"But don't you think that it's a little big?" asked the shopkeeper.
Even during work, I secretly indulge my Internet addiction.
Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
This morning the weather was so bad that I had to take a taxi.
The suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks.
Deal is in the southeast of England, about 110 kilometers away from London.
I'm angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine's Day.
Thanks to your help, I could understand the book quite well.
When you return to your company, don't forget to keep in touch with me.
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
Children learn to respond to rhythmical sounds from a very young age.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
If you're going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
Immediately after the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
You must be able to speak either English or Spanish in this company.
Some kind of party upstairs kept me up till one last night.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
The firemen's face was grim when he came out of the burning house.
It was such a fine day that many children were playing in the park.
I can put up with a house being untidy, but I don't like it to be dirty.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
That dog has a short tail.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
The airplane flies at a speed of five hundred kilometers per hour.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
In all of my travels, I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount Everest.
A ball hit the back of my head while I was playing soccer.
She will have been married for six years on June 10th of this year.
Health isn't everything, but without it, everything else is nothing.
He bought the land for the purpose of building his house on it.
A square is always a rectangle, but a rectangle is not always a square.
You drive too fast.
The passengers were asleep in their cabins when the ship hit a huge iceberg.
You have to raise your hand if you want to speak at the meeting.
When Kawazoe pinned me down at the meeting, I broke out in a cold sweat.
I was asked to put away all the papers we used at the meeting.
It was unfortunate that it rained yesterday.
My father has a habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
All men have some natural talent, but the question is whether they can use it or not.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
I'm staying with my aunt for the time being.
Televisions with vacuum tubes are regarded as being behind the times.
Judging from how the sky looks, we'll be having fine weather.
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
It was in 1912 that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
I'm familiar with the way he asks questions.
Most developing countries are suffering from overpopulation.
Since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil.
Since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
The little boy has lost the money given to him by his father.
It is said that there will be a big earthquake in the near future.
If you want to lose weight, you should cut down on between-meal snacks.
I have just received a letter from a friend saying that she is coming to see me next week.
Thanks to this book, I learned some interesting facts about this insect.
I've read both of these books, but neither of them is interesting.
I guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club I join.
Americans who are over sixty-five make up 12.5% of the total population.
We must stop him from doing such stupid things.
You were in the second year of middle school last year, right?
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
All great men are dead and I am not feeling too well myself.
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
It was not until he was forty that he began to study German.
You live and learn.
I'm very busy so probably I won't be able to come tomorrow.
I want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time.
If you buy this, I will give you a fifteen percent discount.
In order to get the coconut milk, you must first crack the coconut open.
I am working full-time at a bookshop until the end of September.
The thunderstorm yesterday delayed the delivery of the mail.
Ultimately, space flight will be beneficial to all mankind.
The spokesman explained the contents of the treaty to the press.
Mark Twain said, "All generalizations are false, including this one."
The boy pretended he could read, but he was holding the book upside down.
At Christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane.
You have done well.
When I visited my hometown this summer, I found the city different from what it had been ten years ago.
It was a terrible day.
His company went bankrupt, and to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
Tom is estimating how much money he'll need to finish the house.
How long does it take for a veterinarian to examine a horse?
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
Please fasten your seat belt and observe the "no smoking" sign until it is turned off.
I had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring.
She attempted suicide.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
Thank you for your gift.
I'm looking forward to going to the concert.
This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago. It was named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The world needs to develop new energy sources in place of oil.
He is said to have something to do with the political scandal.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
He didn't notice the small video camera above the traffic signal.
He didn't notice the small video camera above the traffic signal.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
She sent me a long letter.
She can play tennis very well, but I can play just about as well as she can.
The Royal Shakespeare Company is presenting The Merchant of Venice next week.
I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.
I expect you can tell from the quoted text, but this is a book written in a colloquial style.
The language of that tribe is as complex as any other human language.
In many ways, animals can do things better than people can.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
In most of the countries in Europe, cars have to keep to the right.
If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
In 1835, a barrel of flour cost six dollars.
Improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program.
Technology is in itself meaningless unless it serves mankind.
I don't think that technology provides us with everything we need.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
I was walking in the park with a friend of mine when it started raining.
None of us want to go, but either you or your wife has to go.
Have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house?
The Balkan Mountain range runs across Bulgaria from west to east.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Are you getting married soon?"
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
A very brief warning or explanation is enough for an intelligent person.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
You like elephants.
When it comes to mathematics, he is second to none in his class.
She rents the room to a student for seventy thousand yen a month.
Every month, he saved ten thousand yen out of his income for his daughter.
That book costs 3,000 yen.
There are as many as two hundred cherry trees in this park.
The blue car is expensive.
The British foreign minister was always too busy to see him.
Everyone should periodically receive a physical examination.
Questioned about his policies, the candidate gave only vague answers.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
This is a time of year when people get together with family and friends to observe Passover and to celebrate Easter.
In each beehive there can only be one queen.
Maybe you're right.
I began driving our tractor when I was 12 years old to help my father out at harvest time.
It would be nice if I could travel to Japan.
If you don't have any ideas of your own then you just have to steal some.
At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
She visited him in Boston.
She showed him my picture.
The successful concert tour established her reputation as a singer.
The translation of the French novel took him more than three months.
Most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver.
Can you tell butter from margarine?
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of Iran and North Korea.
Most computers made today are equipped with multi-core processors.
The female student that sat in front of the teacher is from Germany.
Most disagreements in a marriage result from the wife talking too much and the husband not listening enough.
It's a small noisy apartment, but it's where I live and I call it home.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
The distance from the sun to the earth is about 93 million miles.
The elevator was out of order and we had to walk to the fifth floor.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions.
I never expected such a nice hotel in a place like this.
As a rule, I prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved.
Would you be so kind as to let me borrow your cell phone, please?
Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small?
Lincoln was elected President of the United States in 1860.
The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapse.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
That's just what I wanted.
The price of my piano lessons includes the use of the piano.
I don't care if the early bird gets the worm, I want to sleep.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
If you're going to the supermarket, will you please bring me back some oranges?
He worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort.
If I'm not mistaken, I think we took a wrong turn back there.
It's been a long time since I had such a pleasant surprise.
More students apply to the university than can be accepted.
She looks young, but as a matter of fact she is older than you are.
You're very brave.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy and full of energy.
I always keep a set of fingernail clippers in my guitar case.
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00.
Tom was risking losing his job by talking to his boss that way.
Winter seems to be sticking around a lot longer than usual this year.
Tom's father comes home once in a while, but he never sticks around for long.
What has become of the book I put here a few minutes ago?
I've been asked to give the eulogy at my grandmother's funeral.
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
A molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms.
They will go to the woods to pick mushrooms, weather permitting.
Unless there is a miracle, we won't be able to make it on time.
She will make a good wife.
I'm sorry, my boss is sleeping right now. Please come back tomorrow.
In order to get to know a person, one merely needs to travel with them for a week.
It is hard to adapt this story for children.
They loved Nagasaki so much that they stayed there for a week.
It's hard to love somebody when you don't know whether they love you as much as you love them.
Quantum physics is too difficult for a mere mortal to understand.
If you behave like a flunkey, you're treated like a flunkey.
As a prank, some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1, 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats. The teachers spent most of the day looking for goat number 3.
In all probability, no language is completely free of borrowed words.
Run!
Kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Would I only work on weekends if I could? Of course, I would.
It's difficult to teach people what they're unwilling to learn.
The more things are forbidden, the more popular they become.
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
How much time does the average teenager watch TV every day?
She looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one.
I didn't expect his behavior to descend to such a disagreeable level.
Babies can become dehydrated from a high fever, so I was told that it would be better to send him to the hospital.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
Do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend?
You're up very early this morning. Do you have something to do?
My sister has traced our family tree back to the 16th century.
It's half an hour's walk from here to the station.
She hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for a native speaker.
It is easier to write a bad poem than to understand a good one.
"Give me something to write with." "Will this do?" "Yes, it will do."
"Give me something to write with." "Will this do?" "Yes, it will do."
It was not until she finished reading the book that she noticed who had written it.
Soba is made of buckwheat flour, and udon and kishimen are made of plain wheat flour.
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
She took a deep breath and then started to talk about herself.
He received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury.
The lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused.
The man went to pieces when the judge said he would have to go to prison for life.
Living in the town is quite different from living in the country.
The University Administration decided to set up a branch campus in New York.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright.
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
You can't eat here.
I don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night.
By the time you get out of jail, she'll probably have gotten married.
I wonder whether a man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
With your experience, any company would hire you right away.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother.
Having failed twice yesterday, he doesn't want to try again.
The people in this town, generally speaking, are kind to visitors.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
It's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
A critically wounded elephant went berserk and attacked every living thing in his path.
The editor and publisher of this magazine was criticized by some readers.
We criticized the photographer for not rescuing the child first.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
I just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me.
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
It takes us thirty minutes to walk from here to the station.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money.
When I last saw him, he was wearing a blue shirt and white slacks.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
While you are about it, please make a cup of coffee for me, too.
You can not appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
There can be walls without a roof, but no roof without walls.
I must apologize for not having written for such a long time.
When I look back upon those days, it all seems like a dream.
No one is waiting at the bus stop. We may have missed the bus.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
When I was a child, my mother would often read fairy tales to me.
The gust of wind ripped a large number of tiles off the roof.
They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
Littering in this facility is subject to a maximum fine of $500.
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm and stopped the heavy bleeding.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
No one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
It was not very cold, but it was always wet.
It was extremely cold.
Since he doesn't feel well today, he can't come to the office.
I finally found out what had been causing the pain in my leg.
There was an earthquake and, in addition, there was a tsunami.
To get the full value of joy, you must have someone to divide it with.
The more people you know, the less time you have to see them.
That is not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
No one knows whether there will be a war in the Middle East.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
The mist was so dense that I could not see even an inch ahead.
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.
She's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
The teacher looked around the classroom and started to talk.
Students discussed the problem of brain death for a long time.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father's sudden death.
No country should interfere in another country's internal affairs.
I spent the whole evening reading the poetry of Kenji Miyazawa.
Having been convicted of murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Having heard the story before, she didn't want to hear it again.
It is important that you attach your photo to the application form.
There is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk.
Why don't we just reformat the hard disk? You've been having a lot of trouble with it.
You must be polite.
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.
It is clear that we cannot live without air.
There are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive.
Won't you sit down?
Won't you sit down?
Won't you sit down?
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.
She laughed the way schoolgirls do, with her hand over her mouth.
German men go to the hairdresser more often than German women.
I was a member of the soccer club when I was in junior high.
I was a member of the soccer club when I was in junior high.
It took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to.
Not only were there strong winds yesterday, but also it rained heavily.
The people came out of their houses to listen to his music.
At the Battle of Verdun, French forces stopped a German attack.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
When your stomach is busy, digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia, and is the second biggest city in Spain.
It is absurd to believe that young children can run faster than policemen.
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.
It takes two to tango.
Considering what time it was, the supermarket was relatively empty.
Tom could hardly keep from laughing when he saw Mary trying to juggle some balls.
You say you want to go to Boston? Why in the world would you want to go there?
The number of traffic accidents has increased in recent years.
This woman definitely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
Silence is golden, but not when trying to learn a foreign language.
Tom compared a picture taken of Mary three years ago with one that had been taken recently.
Tom can't say for sure how many times Mary has been to Boston.
Tom can't find the right words to describe his feelings for Mary.
Tom can't deny the fact that he did what Mary accused him of doing.
Tom can go hear Mary sing at that club whenever he wants to.
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at least 45 minutes.
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at least 45 minutes.
Tom called Mary to apologize to her, but she hung up on him.
Tom calculated that he had given Mary over 34,000 dollars in the past six months.
Tom broke into Mary's car and stole what was hidden under the driver's seat.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but there's a phone call for you.
Tom bought that camera because Mary thought it was the one he should buy.
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
Tom blocked Mary's way and wouldn't let her enter the room.
Tom blocked Mary's punch, then slapped her with his right hand.
Staying at home is boring.
I'm looking for a book about medieval Spain.
He got tired of being the devil's advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of the mountain tomorrow.
If you stop and relax, this will relieve the tension and stress in your shoulders.
Tom began to sing his favorite song and Mary harmonized with him.
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with Mary.
Tom ate the last slice of bread so Mary had nothing to eat.
Tom ate by himself even though he had hoped to eat with Mary.
Tom assured Mary that he'd help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
Tom assumes Mary will be willing to help with the bake sale.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
Since he's crazy about movies, he watches as many movies as he can.
I also found every letter he had ever written to my mother.
I think that Japanese students are very good at gathering knowledge.
Why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection?
Japan guaranteed a 2 billion yen aid package to developing countries.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
A kiss without a mustache is like a bowl of soup with no salt.
I may have told you such a thing, but I don't remember it at all.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can't like.
The capital of Mexico is the largest city in Latin America.
Some people think the president spends too much time traveling.
In bad weather, one can easily catch a cold.
If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
The American news is reporting that Hurricane Irene is as big as Europe, which is a bit of an exaggeration.
You should read the kind of books that will be useful to you later in life.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
With the bridge destroyed, there was nothing to do but swim.
If the medicine isn't working, maybe we should up the dosage.
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
If you tell people what they want to hear, they'll do what you want.
Tom asked Mary when she was going to buy a new pair of shoes for her youngest daughter.
Tom asked Mary what the weather had been like while he was away.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about the house she had lived in when she was a child.
Tom asked Mary to stay at home until the babysitter got there.
Tom asked Mary to stay at home until the babysitter got there.
Tom asked Mary to see about getting front row seats at the Lady Gaga concert.
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste and some toilet paper at the supermarket.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
Tom asked Mary to give him a massage, but she didn't want to.
They closed down the ferry service since it was no longer economical.
Tom asked Mary many times to let him go home early, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to play that song on the flute.
Tom asked Mary for some money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom asked Mary about the accident that she was involved in.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions, but she refused to answer some of them.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she couldn't answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
South Guelderish is a dialect of Dutch spoken in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Tom asked for Mary's address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper.
Tom claimed that he saw a man being eaten alive by piranhas.
I don't know my address yet, I'm going to stay with my friend for a while.
A Chinese farmer was told not to shave before the visit of President Hu Jintao, so that he would look "more rustic" on TV.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
I will lend you this CD on condition that you don't lend it to anyone else.
It was a good five kilometers from the station to the school.
He is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination.
When we arrived at the stadium, the game had already started.
The police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
I have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime.
I was just telling Tom that he should go out and buy something to eat.
I talked to your doctor. He told me that you needed to stay in bed for at least a week.
Tom hid the gun in the cookie jar on top of the refrigerator.
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
It's very unlikely that he is actually the same man you met ten years ago.
It is estimated that there are over half a million words in English.
Tom doesn't know exactly what time Mary's train pulled out of the station.
The pain melted away as the ointment was rubbed into his foot.
You often need to spend more time doing something than you anticipated.
I think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children.
Since I will see him tomorrow, I can give him a message if you want.
You can go home now.
The world population is expanding at the rate of nearly 90 million people a year.
The game would not have been called off if it hadn't rained so heavily.
I know that you are not supposed to download music off the internet without paying for it, but I do it anyway.
The first word of an English sentence should be capitalized.
Tom can't figure out how Mary was able to plan a surprise party without him knowing about it.
I know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine.
Father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
To investigate the incident would take us at least three weeks.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
I didn't have to open the letter. I knew exactly what it said.
There were just barely over 100 houses in the village we passed yesterday.
All things taken into consideration, my father's life was a happy one.
The prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length.
Rather than doing any good, the rain did a great deal of harm to the crop.
I'm not well.
Scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the AIDS virus.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
I've gone a long time without reading a book and I am ashamed.
You'll find that book in the historical section of the library.
I'm surprised by her lack of responsability.
Could you please tell me again how many times you've been here?
Considering all I've eaten all day is just one slice of bread, I'm not really all that hungry.
Our school has accepted three Americans as exchange students.
First I'll look at the prices, and only then I'll decide whether I'll buy the camera or not.
I want to go to heaven, but I don't want to die in order to get there.
The quality of their products has gone down over the years.
Nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration.
Hurry!
You don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
I remember very clearly that he threw two pistols into the river.
It was a sunny day when we went to the mall.
Some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of English to learn Chinese, but I disagree.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
He was resting under a tree when an apple fell on his head.
How many rooms are there on the second floor of your house?
Write a short essay.
If you look carefully, you'll see that the box has a false bottom.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need her help later in the afternoon.
It was you that suggested seeing that movie.
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to protect yourself from diseases.
It seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions.
Tom can't be over thirty. He looks like he's about eighteen.
History is replete with the stories of unappreciated genius.
Stars twinkled in the sky.
I told the children to be quiet, but they just kept on being noisy.
I think you're the woman I've been waiting for all my life.
Cesar Chavez asked that strikers remain non-violent even though farm owners and their supporters sometimes used violence.
The morning after I arrived there, I took a walk into the woods of oaks.
She simply cannot keep her mouth shut, not even for a second.
Many people have been vaccinated against the flu this year as well.
Many people have been vaccinated against the flu this year as well.
Keeping up with the Joneses is expensive in rich town like Beverly Hills.
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips and put holes in their earlobes.
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions.
The more foolish a child is, the cuter he seems to his parents.
I'm visiting my grandmother in the hospital.
I won't be able to come tomorrow. I hope you will be able to make it without me.
When I entered the coffee shop, two young men were watching a wrestling match on television.
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
I've heard it said that you should never marry your first love.
Creativity is the ability to combine known elements in a new and unusual way.
Have you decided whether or not you're going to sell your house?
If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
During hard times, people might not go on a trip, but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee.
If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
It was exceptionally cold last summer, and the rice crop was the worst in 10 years.
The buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue.
They were all so tired that they could do nothing but yawn.
As a young man, he did not know that he was to become famous later on.
I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
It doesn't matter to me whether or not I make money doing this.
It's been a long time since I've heard Tom play his baritone sax.
It's been a long time since I've seen any dragonflies in this area.
Tom was tempted to go, but at the last moment he decided not to.
You're the only person I know besides myself who doesn't like watching baseball.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car. Mary's already washed it.
It was extremely hot, so I took my coat off.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go to the prom with.
Tom doesn't know whether to accept or to refuse Mary's offer.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come by car or by bicycle.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is younger or older than he is.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she graduated from high school.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
A sumo wrestler thinks nothing of consuming 20,000 calories a day.
A sumo wrestler thinks nothing of consuming 20,000 calories a day.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
I was looking forward to seeing a scenic view of Mt. Fuji, but unfortunately it was completely hidden behind clouds.
You know that your English is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your English is.
We were sitting peacefully at dinner, when all of a sudden the lights went out.
I find just the memory of his overly polite patronizing manner really offensive.
Frankly speaking, he is more of a hypocrite than a patriot.
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
That's a strange question.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
You need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed.
Without your help, we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan.
I may not know a lot, but I do know that Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
You can download audio files by native speakers from our website.
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
There's no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
The police looked everywhere and couldn't find any trace of Tom.
The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
I have a nasty feeling that something awful is going to happen.
The government decided to impose a special tax on very high incomes.
That was a nasty surprise.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do it, but he'll give it a try.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Vikings and Norwegians.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a fable and a fairytale.
Tom doesn't know the difference between wine and champagne.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey.
Tom does not know the difference between a diamond and an emerald.
Since they had no children of their own, they decided to adopt a girl.
With the coming of spring, everything is gradually coming to life again.
The constant border wars between England and Scotland came to an end.
This is such an easy problem that any student can solve it.
Tom could have survived if the ambulance had arrived a little sooner.
That's what this is about.
Tomorrow we go to school to sign up for the classes we want to take.
It is impossible for me to finish my term paper by tomorrow.
I want to have this letter translated into English by tomorrow.
Chimpanzees normally have their first child at age 13, humans at age 19.
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
My grandfather made it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
My grandfather made it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
If you don't keep your promises, people won't take you seriously.
If you don't keep your promises, people won't take you seriously.
I am of the opinion that necessity is the mother of invention.
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind in the train.
Poor Tom's been trying to get to sleep for three hours now.
Apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else.
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
The moment she heard the news of her son's death, she burst into tears.
We attribute Edison's success to intelligence and hard work.
What did you think when you actually met me for the first time?
One thing you should know about me is that I play poker every Friday night.
Oceans are expected to rise by 50 centimeters by the end of the next century.
I'm a non-native speaker of English and realize there is a lot that I still need to learn.
Tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside.
Tom doesn't know the difference between astronomy and astrology.
To tell the truth, I had forgotten all about our appointment.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
If you go on drinking so much, you may well end up an alcoholic.
When I'm with a crying baby, I end up wanting to cry myself!
Tom wished that his classmates would treat each other with more respect.
Tom is the type of person who likes to argue just for the sake of arguing.
He's the type of man who'd rather crochet potholders than seek adventure.
The phone number for the Thursday evening phone conference is 415-904-8873.
I heard that song so many times on the radio that I grew to hate it.
I plan to throw all of this away. You may take whatever you like.
The textbook shows the meaning of each individual word with a picture.
I'd prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
It was impossible to come up with a really satisfactory solution.
At this rate, the risk is high that our country's competitive position will drop even further.
Laser printers are generally less expensive to maintain than ink jet printers.
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
Our city's transport problems are minor when measured against capitals like London and New York.
Tom leafed through the magazine that was on the coffee table.
There is no doubt that I could not do it without your help.
Wow! What a big box!
Wow! What a big box!
Wow! What a big box!
We can't add days to our life, but we can add life to our days.
It's important for the students to know what to expect on the test.
You look content.
You look contented.
You look content.
You are a good cook.
You can rely on him.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
She still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he couldn't live with her.
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.
Since this heater seems to be out of order, I'll have him repair it.
You shouldn't give the same weight to opinions as you do to facts.
I'm sorry, but I didn't understand what you said in English.
He practices the piano every day, so he can become a pianist.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't because it was locked.
I couldn't help but feel disappointed when I heard the news.
I was planning to call him, but changed my mind and didn't.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
We see with our eyes, we hear with our ears, we touch with our skin, we smell with our nose, and we taste with our tongue.
When I opened the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day.
The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
Is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health?
The government asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
Tom changed his mind after thinking over the matter for a long time.
Would you like ice?
Would you like ice?
Would you like ice?
You broke the rule.
You broke the rule.
You broke the rule.
You are quite a man.
You are quite a man.
There is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day's work.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
One thing I don't like about the iPad is that you can't easily install apps that aren't available through Apple's App Store.
This problem is too simple, so it is hardly worth discussing.
This problem is too simple, so it is hardly worth discussing.
Lincoln was elected President of the United States in 1860.
It seems warm outside.
It was hot last night.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew who John hoped would win the election.
It is just out of the question for me to finish the work in a day.
She was absent from class.
Specialists are people who have only one string on their violin.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
George Washington was born on the twenty-second of February seventeen thirty-two.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not.
The Titanic sank on her maiden voyage. She was a large ship.
Mary doesn't understand why Tom chose a cat as his online avatar.
She wouldn't speak to him.
She wouldn't speak to him.
She was humiliated by him.
She was humiliated by him.
She was brought up by him.
She used to live near him.
She treated him very well.
Mary is 21 years younger than Tom, but Tom is 22 times richer than Mary.
When the train goes through the station, the windows rattle noisily and the whole house shakes.
She testified against him.
She runs faster than I do.
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
Many miners are afraid that the mine will be closed down soon.
Tom was sad because he was the only one not invited to the party.
The trouble with the world isn't that people know too little, but they know so many things that ain't so.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn't follow her advice.
She claims that she knows nothing about him, but I don't believe her.
I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
Do you want to go out or stay at home? Either is OK with me.
The inland taipan, a snake found in Australia, is the most venomous snake in the world.
He did a lot for his people, but he could have done much more.
Is there a place where I can charge my cellphone around here?
This river is so polluted that fish can no longer live in it.
Tom has two sons. One is a doctor and the other is a lawyer.
I'm not even sure if that would help or not.
The world's first parking meter was installed in Oklahoma City in 1935.
"Do you want to go to the dance with me?" "I'm really sorry, but I can't."
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast and a glass of milk.
I'm batching it this weekend because my wife is visiting her brother in Frankfurt.
This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
The train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
The train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow.
She made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting.
Tom thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.
There's something about this bookstore that just makes people want to come back again.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't give up my plan.
You need a holiday.
Many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death.
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life.
Put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over.
It took me a lot less time to housebreak my German shepherd than it took to housebreak my other dog.
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
It takes about 10 minutes to get to the train station by foot.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. Her name is Dilma.
Even though the media reports that she is a potential presidential candidate, does anyone really think that she is a potential president?
Unfortunately, you won't get anything done in that office unless you grease someone's palm.
Tom decided not to play dodge ball because he wasn't feeling well.
Translators do their best work when they translate into their mother tongue.
If I knew her address, I would write to her.
Steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year.
Around here, they roll up the sidewalks at 7 o'clock.
Mary tried on her wedding dress for the first time yesterday.
It might prove useful.
The British commander ordered his men to rest for the night.
The British commander ordered his men to rest for the night.
One of my favorite quotes by Mark Twain is, "It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog."
Whenever I get on the subway, I put my wallet in my front pocket.
Many wedding ceremonies will take place on the seventh of July.
The kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park.
Millions of beneficial organisms live in the human digestive tract.
This fluorescent lamp is starting to flicker. We'll have to replace it.
Tom says that he doesn't remember having made such a promise.
It is hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
If you permit me to speak, I can explain everything.
The Europeans began exploring the Americas in the late 15th century.
How many times do I have to repeat that she isn't my friend?
It will make most Americans uncomfortable if you insist on their accepting expensive gifts.
It's a shame the way old people are treated.
It's a shame the way old people are treated.
By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it.
I'm planning to buy a mobile phone tomorrow.
She looked puzzled at the abrupt question posed by a reporter.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
Personally, I don't think it makes any difference who wins the election.
He is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world.
Tom likes to sit on the dock with his feet dangling in the water.
In 1918, revolts due to the price of rice erupted all around the country.
While they were away on holiday, their neighbours looked after the dog.
I haven't seen any of my old classmates since I graduated 15 years ago.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
How do you spell it?
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
"Jingle Bells," a popular song around Christmas time, is not really a Christmas song. The lyrics say nothing about Christmas.
I owe Mary some money and must pay her back by next Monday.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
I never thought I would have to support such a large family.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
Since there wasn't any more room at the table, I had to eat standing up.
Good quality fruit is scarce in the winter and it costs a lot.
Tom believes the day will come when there will be no more wars.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
I realized that I had grown up when I started heeding my parents' advice.
Ten years have passed since I came to Tokyo at the age of eighteen.
Suddenly it began to rain.
I'd like to get a medical examination for my two-year-old daughter.
I was able to find the street, but I couldn't find her house.
He has two pencils. One is long and the other one is short.
Would you please pick me up at the hotel on Friday July 11th at 10:00 a.m.?
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
Whenever you're in trouble or feeling down, I'll be there for you.
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
No matter how hard I try, I will never be able to catch up with him.
We used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,000 people.
Last month, they had to lay off several hundred employees in the factory.
The solution he proposed was completely out of the question.
When his wife heard of his violent death, she was beside herself with grief.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
Flexibility is one of the many advantages of working from home.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not be telling the truth.
Please cancel my order and send confirmation that this has been done.
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
We tend to perceive what we expect to perceive.
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
The only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
It's essential that you eat more vegetables.
It's essential that you eat more vegetables.
It's essential that you eat more vegetables.
Tom wanted to stick around to see what would happen. Unfortunately, he had to leave.
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
He is in love with her, but he tries to conceal his feelings.
Being together all the time, my Japanese classmates got to know each other very well.
Tom was sitting on a bench eating something that looked like an apple.
If he should come in my absence, please ask him to wait until I come back.
When you compare this dictionary with that one, you can easily see which is better.
When you compare this dictionary with that one, you can easily see which is better.
Her library has 3,500 books and includes many first editions.
She has 3,500 books in her library and many of them are first editions.
You can always find baked goods somewhere on my grocery list.
If he continues drinking too much, he will fall ill sooner or later.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
An up-to-date edition of the encyclopedia will come out next month.
An up-to-date edition of the encyclopedia will come out next month.
Many Americans still had money they had saved during the war.
We are breakfasting at seven, if you would like to join us.
I hear their marriage is on the rocks and they'll probably file for divorce soon.
I can't afford a new car, so I'll have to make this one do.
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
You can't do that.
You cannot do this.
You cannot do this.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
That is a very good thing.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that.
She shivered at the sight.
She shivered at the sight.
I want to try my best for as long as I am physically able to.
Tom's lost a lot of blood, but he hasn't lost consciousness.
You should consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
Tom doesn't think Mary should drive home since she's been drinking.
That was really difficult.
That was really difficult.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a new car.
Indeed you know a lot of things, but you're not good at teaching them.
If you plan well, you can spend less time doing unnecessary things and get the work done faster.
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.
Tom hopes that Mary will like the present he bought for her.
Though she wanted to travel abroad by herself, she decided not to.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
The relationship between husband and wife should be based on love.
I'm sorry, but I think you're mistaken.
The Socialist Party groomed him as a presidential candidate.
The Socialist Party groomed him as a presidential candidate.
Unable to prove his innocence, he was forced to leave his native town.
You may use my car.
You may use my car.
The buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in New York.
She owes him a lot of money, but she probably won't be able to pay it back.
She's in the hospital now.
Tom stared into the impenetrable blackness of the night sky.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
That'll put you in danger.
That'll put you in danger.
That fact can't be denied.
She wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer.
We have to use the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
Unless there is a miracle, we won't be able to make it on time.
The War of 1812 had begun.
Tom claims that he wasn't anywhere near the murder scene at the time of the murder.
You must be joking!
You must be joking!
I'll get in touch with Tom by telephone tomorrow and ask him to give us a hand.
The War of 1812 had begun.
He turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it.
There are few places downtown for parking, which is a serious problem.
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.
The investigation will probably bring a lot of details to light.
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
Tom hasn't updated the antivirus software on his computer in a long time.
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
Her father became an invalid as a result of a heart attack.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
I regret that a previous engagement prevents me from accepting your kind invitation.
It's because of you that we were able to complete this job on time.
The girl was carrying a plastic bag stuffed full of things.
I have fewer students in my class this year than last year.
Though seriously injured, he managed to get to a telephone.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
Mary can't make ends meet on her pension. That's why she works half-days as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
Lincoln's biography is read by children all around the world.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
People no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Tom didn't have the courage to refuse to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom talked to Mary's neighbors and asked them if they knew where she'd gone.
What's the difference between American and British English?
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
A women who doesn't criticize you anymore is a women who doesn't love you anymore.
If you travel by Shinkansen, it doesn't seem far from Nagoya to Tokyo.
She went to Takasu clinic.
Tom and Mary were too busy yelling at each other to notice that I'd entered the room.
It was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish.
White wine should be drunk chilled, and red wine at room temperature.
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
Working together, they cleaned the entire house in no time.
She found it was difficult to adapt herself to her new surroundings.
Can you remember the time we visited Tom when he was still a teenager?
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but who, as a group, can meet and decide that nothing can be done.
I could feel nothing but the knife as it plunged into my back.
If I had known her address, I would have written her a letter.
It goes without saying that health is more important than wealth.
We're gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the American people for their own short-term gain.
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.
So you are really offering me a Roflex watch for 5 dollars?
I'm looking for a book about medieval Spain.
We often eat foods which are harmful to our health without knowing it.
Having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy.
Everyone in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
Thanks for the invite.
Why were you there?
She turned off the lights.
He believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
Bring an umbrella because it is expected to rain this afternoon.
He was looking forward to spending the weekend with her in their little cottage in Somerset.
Numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers.
Tom was beat to a pulp by his father.
Tom was kicked out of his house by his parents when he confessed to being an atheist.
Tom was kicked out of his house by his parents when he confessed to being an atheist.
It started as a hobby.
What I don't understand is why the children aren't being allowed to play outside on such a nice day.
What I don't understand is why the children aren't being allowed to play outside on such a nice day.
She simply cannot keep her mouth shut, not even for a second.
A friend of mine showed me all the dolls he had bought abroad.
The man who I thought was his father proved to be a perfect stranger.
Do you think there is another answer to this difficult problem?
Children exhibit a low tolerance for the frustrations of learning.
Different people believe in different things, but there is only one truth.
If you add one hundred to one thousand, you get eleven hundred.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
If I happen to end up going abroad, I'd probably go for France.
Mary asked Tom to turn off the computer and prepare dinner.
It was a huge success.
The book is available in both hard and soft-cover versions.
The book is available in both hard and soft-cover versions.
Instead of watching television, the children played outside.
We did not evolve from monkeys. We share a common ancestor.
Just when I was about to phone her, a letter arrived from her.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
The boss said it's urgent!
My girlfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
After I finished my story, my neighbor looked at me silently and thoughtfully for a time.
I understand the sentence, but I'm not able to translate it.
I got all choked up when I heard the voice of Ryo over the telephone.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
The silence in the library was disturbed by the ringing of a cell phone.
Tom felt like going home and left without saying goodbye to anyone.
My train leaves at six o'clock and arrives there at ten o'clock.
Wow, it's hot today.
There was a large audience at the piano recital last night.
I found out that it was difficult for her to solve that problem.
It may save your life.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
"How many times a week do you play tennis?" "I play tennis three times a week."
By the time our long conversation was over, Mother was tired of standing.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn't eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
If my father had not been killed in the war, he would be over sixty years old now.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
There are significant differences between those two countries.
There are significant differences between those two countries.
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today?
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
How do you think I can convince her to spend more time with me?
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
The authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency.
Tom asked Mary to stay at home until the babysitter got there.
Wow! What a big box!
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
You do a great job.
Hearing about people kidnapping little children just makes my blood boil.
It starts around 8:30.
You must remove your shoes when you enter a Japanese house.
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between a cathode and an anode.
This article is critical of the way investigations are being made into the matter.
She expressed her gratitude to all those who had supported her.
I met her at the station, but I did not recognize her in uniform.
I met her at the station, but I did not recognize her in uniform.
You know how it is.
It looks like we're almost out of the woods.
It looks like we're almost out of the woods.
She's smart and beautiful.
She's smart and beautiful.
She's smart and beautiful.
You know the drill.
You know the drill.
You know the drill.
You know the drill.
The only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules.
It's not legal to keep wild animals as pets.
Tom believes that the government wants to hide the truth about aliens.
Tom said that he wanted to move to Boston because that's where Mary lives.
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
Is there anything you want to tell me?
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
Tom called me and said that he needed me to do him a favor.
Tom is a little older than the rest of the students in his class.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
Tom's dream is to live in a small town in the south of France.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
I looked all over for Tom, but couldn't find him.
If you don't want your old bicycle, you can always give it away.
Tom resented the fact that Mary got the promotion instead of him.
Tom resented the fact that Mary got the promotion instead of him.
Tom told me that Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom was involved in the robbery.
I tried to cheer her up, but all she wanted was to be alone.
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same time.
Tom looked at his watch and saw that he only had five minutes left until lunchtime.
Tom didn't think it would be appropriate for John to give Mary a pearl necklace.
Tom tried his best to move the table by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom told me that he had been skydiving since he was sixteen.
He thought about growing a beard, but gave up the idea of growing one.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to go sailing with us next week.
What makes you think that Tom prefers living in the country?
What makes you think that Tom is planning to ask Mary to marry him?
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
I finally have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up this plan.
If that accident had happened in a city, it would have caused a disaster.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that I gave you to mail.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that I gave you to mail.
I have to leave because there's someone waiting for me outside.
The bigger man often wins.
The bigger man often wins.
Tom thinks his country is the greatest country in the world.
You had better take into consideration that you are no longer young.
We have to put off making a final decision until next week.
We have to put up with a lot of noise when the children are at home.
We came to the conclusion that we should support the movement.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
Make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible.
There are many things which we cannot evaluate in terms of money.
I'm a regular at a restaurant in this neighborhood. Let's have lunch there today.
It's a lovely day.
In the car on the way home, he was making plans for the next day.
She knew what it was like for married women to look after houses, husbands and children.
Tom was sad because he was the only one not invited to the party.
Tom thinks schools should teach children to obey authority.
Tom's tax rate is 15%, but his secretary's tax rate is 35%.
Tom and Mary have about 20 children, but they're not quite sure of the exact number.
Introducing foreign plants, such as palm trees can damage ecosystems.
I thought he was angry at me because I didn't help him build his house.
I thought she was angry at me because I didn't pay the bill in time.
I thought you were only angry with me and not with the rest of my family.
I had heard that he was fat, but I didn't think he would be that fat.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
Some people have trouble getting their dogs to eat dog food.
I have two dogs and I try to feed them each the same amount of food.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag.
When I was feeding my dog, I noticed that the gate had been left open.
He decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day.
She would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog.
After she lost her job, she couldn't afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs.
My mother asked me not to feed the dog until after we had all eaten.
The climate of England isn't as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it's much cooler.
Since my room faces south, it isn't so cold even in the winter.
The climate here is very mild, so it seldom snows here even in the winter.
It would be better if you didn't climb such a high mountain in the winter.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.
She has 3,500 books in her library and many of them are first editions.
She has 3,500 books in her library and many of them are first editions.
Her library has 3,500 books and includes many first editions.
Her composition is very good except for two or three spelling errors.
There is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem.
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money.
I think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn't be heard.
The plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather.
Tom believes that the rich deserve to be rich and that the poor deserve to be poor.
Tom believes that the rich deserve to be rich and that the poor deserve to be poor.
I anticipate that there will be problems on their expedition.
I anticipate that there will be problems on their expedition.
The plane from Chicago arrived at the airport late at night.
Tom rinsed off the plates and put them into the dishwasher.
If you didn't have him to exchange letters with, you would be lonely.
It will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow.
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
It's getting late, so we'd better get going.
Now that you are grown-up, it is up to you to decide what to do.
Now that you are grown-up, it is up to you to decide what to do.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
If I had left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
If you had left a little earlier, you would have avoided the heavy traffic.
If she had been a little more patient, she could have succeeded.
If she had been a little more patient, she could have succeeded.
According to the news report, the ruling coalition has secured 72 seats as of 5 p.m.
She used up a bar of soap.
Mary traveled into the future and found that climate change had destroyed all life on Earth.
Mary traveled into the future and found that climate change had destroyed all life on Earth.
Tom is doing everything within his power to improve the patients' quality of life.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
I live in a country where the cost of a liter of gasoline is cheaper than the cost of a liter of water.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
Tom certainly seems to be spending a lot of time with Mary.
What will become of the children now that both parents are dead?
It wasn't until long after they got married that Tom found out that Mary was wanted for murder.
Many of the things Pizzaro had heard about the Inca treasure were true.
Her father can afford to give her a big allowance every month.
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
That girl's eyes are blue.
Tom sent Mary a love letter, but he never did find out whether it arrived.
Tom sent Mary a love letter, but he never did find out whether it arrived.
Tom sent Mary a love letter, but he never did find out whether it arrived.
Tom sent Mary a love letter, but he never did find out whether it arrived.
Friendliness is a language the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed.
Primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed.
Primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed.
Is there a place where I can charge my cellphone around here?
The local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town.
It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
Complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment.
Be sure to get in touch with me, if there is anything I can do for you.
Be sure to get in touch with me, if there is anything I can do for you.
I told her that if I could be of any use I would be glad to help.
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
Tom and Mary carried the injured man to the side of the road.
When I got home, I realized that one of my suitcases had disappeared.
The year 1980 saw the fastest economic growth in that country.
Stay here a little longer.
How long does it take for light from the sun to reach the earth?
Maybe today you can give us a couple of tips about how to use the dictionaries.
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.
If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
The urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast.
I'm a vegetarian, so I'd rather not have meat, if that's okay.
I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
You know how it is.
Conflicting reports prompted the director to reconsider her position.
Is it true that you closed the shop at nine?
Is it true that you closed the shop at nine?
The fire had spread to the next building before the firemen came.
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out.
The mere idea of swimming across the river made me tremble.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
Scientists will come up with new methods of increasing the world's food supply.
It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
If you push this button, the door will open.
My tight wad husband took me to McDonald's for our anniversary.
If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
I can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
This handmade Italian-made titanium bicycle is terribly light.
The investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong.
In summer and early autumn typhoons can strike the city. In recent years they haven't caused much damage.
Fortunately, my son quickly adjusted to life in his new school.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
She got so carried away listening to the Beatles that she missed the date with him.
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.
World War II came to an end in the 20th year of the Showa era.
It wasn't until long after they got married that Tom found out that Mary was wanted for murder.
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
The bottom 40% of the U.S. population has only 0.3% of the wealth.
The bottom 40% of the U.S. population has only 0.3% of the wealth.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would've called you.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would've called you.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would've called you.
She took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
He said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too.
Since you have nothing to do with this matter, you don't have to worry.
The reason both brothers gave for remaining bachelors was that they couldn't support both airplanes and a wife.
Tom is likely to end up in prison if he doesn't straighten up.
If I hadn't had your cooperation, I couldn't have finished the work in time.
"Do you know where this camera was made?" "I think it was made in China, but I'm not sure."
If two people have the same opinion, one of them is redundant.
How long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment?
I don't know what's going on around here, but I intend to find out.
I'm just trying to figure out why someone would do such a thing.
This book is easy to read, since it's written in simple English.
I shouldn't have wasted my time trying to convince Tom to change his mind.
If Tom had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to him.
You are such a liar!
People keep saying that she's beautiful, but really, she isn't.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
I spent three years looking for a good director, but couldn't find one.
If you come to my house, I will tell you the story in detail.
If something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
It was quite pleasant.
Tom was sad when he discovered that Mary was a gold digger and Mary was sad when she discovered that Tom was poor.
Tom is sufficiently well off to buy a house anywhere he wants.
I went to the nearby library to find some books on the subject.
In spite of the fact that she was busy, she came to see me.
The sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees.
Even if I use both hands, I can't crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
It started raining hard. Because of that, we played inside.
Since she doesn't want to put on any more weight, she doesn't eat cake.
She doesn't eat cake because she doesn't want to put on any more weight.
Japan has been sending athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
His mother said that he had been sick in bed for five weeks.
The people of the village built a wooden bridge across the river.
The people of the village built a wooden bridge across the river.
For me, there is nothing more fun to do than to talk with him.
That's just the beginning.
That's just what I needed.
Wherever you go, you see a lot of bicycles left on sidewalks near stations.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break.
Some children learn languages easily and others with difficulty.
The jury found that Samsung had infringed upon Apple's patents.
The show's about a New Jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy.
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
For dessert, Tom ordered chocolate parfait with vanilla ice cream.
This town is so small that you can easily learn everyone's names.
He just won't listen. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
It doesn't matter whether I'm sleeping or awake, I'm always thinking about you.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a telephone call from her.
We talked quietly so we wouldn't wake the baby.
Could you please show me a camera that's cheaper than this one?
Our class reunion brought back old memories of when we were students.
It may seem like a crazy idea, but I think we should go visit Tom and Mary right now.
Have you ever subscribed to any English language newspaper?
The rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child.
Tom and his buddies slit the throats of eleven men and women.
Make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right.
His doctoral thesis must be submitted to the professor by the end of the month.
From a very young age, Jorge Luis Borges had serious problems with his vision.
The structure isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
Barely a third of the population in this country have access to the Internet.
Thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house.
Thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
Tom thought it would be difficult for Mary to get a ticket to that concert.
Believe none of what you hear and only half of what you see.
I've heard that Tom can cook as well as, or better than, his wife.
I've heard that Tom can cook as well as, or better than, his wife.
Let's take a short rest here. My legs are tired and I can't walk any more.
Tom got into a fight with the people who were staring at him.
Students arriving late will not be permitted to enter the hall.
The Mormons have outlawed polygamy, but some adherents still practice it.
Tom has a beard just like his father, grandfathers and brothers do.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
My older brother is really tall. He's about 180 centimeters.
I know that it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know that it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
A long time ago when I was young, I used to write in my diary every day.
There were many things that we wanted to do, but we never got around to doing many of them.
Before deciding to buy it, I tried on the jacket to see if it would fit.
Tom's third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
We are collecting sentences and their translations into other languages.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember that song's title.
It's hard to be a woman. One must think like a man, act like a lady, look like a girl, and work like a horse.
How early do I have to make a reservation to qualify for the discount?
It never occurred to me that he was the right man in the right place.
It occurred to me that he was the right man.
The children are moving their toothbrushes as if they are cleaning their teeth, but they can't fool me.
It never occurred to me that she was sick in the hospital.
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
My daughter is in the hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in hospital.
You aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small.
Tom and Mary just got married, but they don't act like newlyweds.
Tom blew his top when he heard that Mary had gone out with John.
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.
She'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
Mary undid her hair and opened one of the buttons of her blouse.
Tom and Mary were my backup singers back when I used to perform.
Tom and Mary were my backup singers back when I used to perform.
I have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years.
I'm sorry to be so late. The meeting completely slipped my mind.
He and I discussed the waste problem in terms of recycling.
If your prices are competitive, we will place a large order.
I'll mail you the report in a jiffy, so you won't have to wait long.
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.
When I woke up this morning, the rain had turned into snow.
That film is for children.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
He left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return.
He has two daughters, one is a pianist and the other is a violist.
My car, which broke down yesterday, has not been repaired yet.
Water is leaking into my goggles. I don't think they fit right.
The thing that impressed me the most in China was the Chinese.
When my uncle left for America, many people came to see him off at the airport.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
Thanks for the compliment.
He equipped himself with everything needed to climb the mountain.
It is next to impossible for you to finish the work in a day.
I'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
It is no use trying to convince him of that.
I'm going to ask him for an autograph. Do you have anything to write with?
When I asked him to lend me some money, he turned down my request.
Louis Braille, who was blind from the age of three, invented a way for the blind to read.
If a fire should break out in your neighborhood, what would you do?
If a fire should break out in your neighborhood, what would you do?
I love my new apartment because it's very close to the station.
I received a letter from him to the effect that he could not accept my offer.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
My grandfather will have read the Bible ten times if he reads it again.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
My grandmother attributes her good health to active living.
My temperature was below thirty-seven degrees this morning.
It doesn't matter whether you answer or not.
It doesn't matter whether you answer or not.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
It's best to wear a cap on your head during the cold Moscow winters.
It's about time the government did something about pollution.
My opinion differs from most of the other students in my class.
The movie rights to a successful novel is easy money for the writer of the novel.
In Alaska you can see natural phenomena like the aurora, right?
How many days will it take if I send this as registered mail?
The British ship was captured and brought to the United States.
This letter was full of mistakes because it had been written too hastily.
I held onto the rope for as long as I could, but I finally had to let go.
When you rely on the team too much, it may reduce your individual competitive instincts.
This article is critical of the way investigations are being made into the matter.
As is often the case with him, he left his textbook at home.
The growth in population is very rapid in developing countries.
She did without necessities to pay for her daughter's lessons.
She gave a tea party with the intention of introducing her daughter to her friends.
You should make the most of this rare opportunity to demonstrate your talent.
It's obvious that she doesn't care about us.
She walked very carefully.
She can't bring herself to throw away photo albums filled with memories of him.
At the best hotels, there is always someone at your beck and call.
Since then, diplomatic relations between Canada and Iran have been suspended.
I want to summarize the content of the presentation and draw a conclusion.
That man standing near the door and that woman on the opposite side of the room next to the window have photographic memories.
That woman who has a child on her knee has a photographic memory.
The man standing over there next to the bookcase has a photographic memory.
It doesn't make much sense to me that Tom would be allowed to go, but Mary wouldn't be.
If only she had known I was in Tokyo, she would have come to visit me.
Before I could protest, I was handcuffed and was on my way to prison.
Before I could protest, I was handcuffed and was on my way to prison.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for me to beat him at tennis.
It is not so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me.
It was when I was eight years old that I climbed Mt. Fuji with my father.
My son had been writing for several hours when I entered the room.
The only trouble I've ever had was dealing with people who didn't like my personality.
The first thing I want to do tomorrow is to find a good part-time job.
The first thing I want to do tomorrow is to find a good part-time job.
The only trouble I've ever had was dealing with people who didn't like my personality.
When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me.
She didn't have much difficulty finding out the answer to the problem.
She'd spent half the night with her head down the toilet throwing up.
She made a wonderful speech at her friend's wedding reception.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the zip code 8000.
Tom couldn't decide whether to name his dog Cookie or Pochi.
Stay away from that place.
Stay away from that place.
Stay away from that place.
Stay away from that place.
That woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
She speaks Hebrew with her mother and Polish with her father.
I have a lot of old books. A couple of them are quite valuable.
The classroom is full of teenagers. A couple of them are asleep.
In the course of our conversation, he referred to his youth.
We asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly.
We are here because we have a right to be involved in these decisions.
We are here because we have a right to be involved in these decisions.
Researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day.
Many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day.
It's not always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
Everyone's laughing, but no one will explain to me what happened.
I didn't have enough time to eat everything that was served.
Our train still needs to wait for the arrival of another train.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
Tom asked the same question over and over, but never got an answer.
I was just wondering how much it would cost to have my car washed and waxed.
Did you know that the crane is a migratory bird and that it can lift up to one hundred kilograms?
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.
My mother tells me I have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights.
On school nights, Tom goes to bed at nine o'clock, but on Fridays and Saturdays, he stays up much later.
Tom's parents won't let him go out with Mary on school nights.
It's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names.
The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either side.
The conference was scheduled for March, but it has been put off till April.
They are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery.
The painter went to Paris with the object of studying painting.
That'll cost thirty euros.
She slept for a few hours.
A person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something, but the face of the devil when returning it.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
The teacher intervened in the quarrel between the two students.
I have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
In addition to water, sunshine is absolutely necessary for plant life.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
If you were to be given a million yen, what would you do with it?
If you were to be given a million yen, what would you do with it?
His oral agreement may not mean anything without his signed contract.
In the light of these facts, it may be necessary to revise our theory.
If I do this, will it be viewed by others in a negative way?
She's pregnant with twins.
She's pregnant with twins.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
It will make most Americans uncomfortable if you insist on their accepting expensive gifts.
Make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel.
I made a thermos full of coffee so you can take it along with your lunch.
Tom ate some food, drank some beer, and then went right to sleep.
Tom was already drinking his third beer before Mary had even finished her first.
"We have to tell Tom about that now." "That's not an option."
"Tom will translate French into English for free." "That's good to know."
"Tom was able to convince Mary to help." "How did he do that?"
"Tom is thirty years old." "He's not really that old, is he?"
"Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday." "That's really sweet."
"Tom has been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
"Tom and Mary have decided to help John paint his house." "That's nice to hear."
"Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years." "Really? I had no idea."
"Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced." "I wasn't aware of that."
"May I borrow Tom's lawn mower?" "I guess it would be all right."
Politicians in Japan sometimes get away with doing illegal things.
Tom will never admit to being wrong even if he knows that he is.
No one can deny the fact that there is no smoke without fire.
The construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs.
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
You can believe me.
You can believe me.
The automobile industry is one of the main industries in Japan.
How can we achieve a balance between work and personal life?
How can we achieve a balance between work and personal life?
How can we achieve a balance between work and personal life?
Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
Tom saw people starting to leave, so he decided to leave, too.
Tom sat in the driver's seat and adjusted the rearview mirror.
It's fine to set up a web page, just be sure you don't infringe anybody's copyright.
In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
I was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than I was expecting.
It's fine to set up a web page, just be sure you don't infringe anybody's copyright.
Unfortunately, Tom was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
When Hawking graduated from college in 1962, he began studying for a Ph.D. in physics.
It was clear that Hawking would live longer than was first thought.
Tom got to work later than usual this morning. I wonder why.
You don't realize its value until you have lost your health.
She got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work.
The boy scouts went from door to door selling what they had made.
We went to the theater early, so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat.
Many Native American communities need doctors and teachers.
Have you decided whether or not you're going to sell your house?
Dr. Hellebrandt is an associate professor in that excellent university.
No sooner had the bell rung than the teacher came into the classroom.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept advice from native speakers who try to help him with his translations.
I know him by sight, but I have never actually spoken to him.
Tom's favorite saying is "You can't put two saddles on one horse."
Tom believes that these quartz crystals have healing powers.
Tom gave Mary the receipt and told her to put it in her purse.
Tom found someone's business card in his pocket, but couldn't remember where he got it.
Tom crosses the railroad tracks every morning on his way to work.
I won't be able to visit you tomorrow because I'll be busy.
I was thinking you might like to go camping with us this weekend.
I wanted to help Tom understand what Mary was trying to tell him.
"How long have you been living here?" "It'll be five years next week."
Tom took off his shirt and threw it into the washing machine.
Tom put on some rubber gloves so he wouldn't leave fingerprints.
Tom didn't even have the decency to wait for me to finish talking.
Tom accidentally walked into a room full of people wearing suits.
Tom didn't even have the decency to acknowledge his mistake.
Tom didn't even have the decency to admit it was his fault.
Tom didn't even have the decency to admit that he'd made a mistake.
We heard that Tom had committed suicide, but we didn't really believe it.
It turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game.
Five minutes of sun on a normal day can be worth more than a whole day of sun on holidays.
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk since he's moved into this house.
Tom and Mary talked about everything they wanted to do on their upcoming vacation.
Tom just needs a little time to get used to the idea that Mary will now be his stepsister.
Tom hoped the video he just uploaded to YouTube would go viral.
I think I mistakenly said it was Tom when it was actually Mary that did that.
We can't afford to keep doing things the way we've been doing them.
We don't know where Tom is, but we need to find him as soon as we can.
We don't know where Tom is, but we need to find him as soon as we can.
We don't have time to do everything they've asked us to do.
We have a lot more in common than you probably think we do.
We have a lot more in common than you probably think we do.
We have a lot more to do, so we don't have time to take a break.
We have to figure out why the machine isn't working properly.
We have to figure out who started the fire that burned down Tom's house.
We have to figure out a way to encourage Tom to do the right thing.
We have to figure out a way to get this machine to work under water.
We haven't been able to find out why we weren't allowed to enter that building.
We haven't been able to find out who paid all our bills for us.
We haven't been able to find out when the shipment will arrive.
We haven't been able to find out what the real problem was.
We used to visit my grandparents every weekend when I was a kid.
I don't know when I'll have time to finish reading the rest of this book.
I don't know when I'll have time to finish reading the rest of this book.
I'll be going to Boston next week, but I'm not really looking forward to it.
We spent all of that night, the next day, and the next night in the cellar.
I'd like to pay with my credit card instead.
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
We were supposed to tell everyone to be here by 2:30, but we forgot.
We'll do whatever it takes to complete the project on time.
We're talking about what to do about what happened a couple of days ago.
We're talking about who we should appoint to that position.
Come on out. You can't stay hiding under your bed all night.
Everyone in the room burst out laughing when they saw Tom slip on the banana peel.
I didn't want to risk missing the train, so I arrived at the station an hour early.
Just because you're my girlfriend doesn't mean I have to agree with you.
Just because you're my girlfriend doesn't mean I have to agree with you.
Just be patient with Tom. I'm sure he'll eventually make the right decision.
Just be glad Tom didn't tell Mary what you really thought of her.
It looks like you were right. Tom was the guy who stole Mary's violin.
My mother used to read me stories when I was a young kid.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness cannot be ruled out.
She knew herself that it would be very difficult to carry out the mission.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
That job wasn't very interesting. However, the pay was good.
Many things are easy to talk about, but difficult to actually carry out.
One thing that won't change is our commitment to our customers.
People don't like working with Tom because he's hard to get along with.
You may be correct.
You may be correct.
Someone else might want your old desk if you don't want it anymore.
Thanks for saving my life.
The first time Tom brought Mary home, his mother said, "This one's a keeper."
The only question now is how we're going to get enough money to pay our bills.
The old man in the wheelchair told me that he knew my mother when she was a teenager.
The students pretended that they couldn't hear the teacher.
The police found Tom's body in a shallow grave behind the barn.
She can't even speak her native language without making mistakes.
The two men shook hands with each other the minute they were introduced.
I'm just going to answer the call of nature.
What do you think is the best way to get to Tom's house from here?
What do you think is the best way to encourage Tom to study more?
Tom carved his initials on the large oak tree in front of the school.
Tom carved his initials on the large oak tree in front of the school.
What could they possibly tell us that we don't already know?
For as long as Tom could remember, his parents had been overweight.
The road is inadequate for the amount of traffic which it carries.
We have to figure out a way to make Tom do what we want him to do.
We have to figure out a way to make Tom do what we want him to do.
Someone is standing behind the bushes taking pictures of us.
Someone is standing behind the bushes taking pictures of us.
Tom would never forgive himself if anything happened to Mary.
I'm glad to see that you're studying harder than you used to.
Mary once again tried on all the clothes she had bought the day before.
What do you think is the best way to defuse their argument?
In those days, America was not independent of the United Kingdom.
When I opened the door, Tom was standing there wearing a suit.
That's not what Tom meant.
It doesn't look like very many people will attend the banquet.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary are going to get married.
If we work together, we should be able to finish this much more quickly.
If you haven't tried the cake yet, you should. It's really delicious.
You always say that.
You always say that.
You broke my heart.
You are such a liar!
You are impossible.
You can call me Tom.
You can wait all afternoon if you like, but Tom won't see you.
You can't use that.
You didn't call me.
You didn't call me.
You have no choice.
You don't scare me.
You don't scare me.
You should probably tell Tom who'll be meeting him at the station.
You should probably tell Tom why he shouldn't be doing that.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
It's very easy to sound natural in your own native language, and very easy to sound unnatural in your non-native language.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
Tell them what I told you.
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
Even though Tom translated the letter for Mary, she didn't bother to read his translation.
Tom felt that it would be a waste of time to translate the letter for Mary.
It's a shame Tom had to work and couldn't go camping with us.
It's late and we're all tired, so I think we should go home.
Stop teasing your brother!
I thought he was an American but he turned out to be an Englishman.
Watch carefully and you can see how my lips move in pronouncing the word.
Watch carefully and you can see how my lips move in pronouncing the word.
The inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water.
You have him there.
You have him there.
You have him there.
Miracles do exist, but we just don't notice them in the flow of events.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
If I'd only known how Tom felt, I wouldn't have gone out with Mary.
That is a reputable store.
That is a reputable store.
The exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization.
I heard that a South American camper was eaten by an anaconda.
That proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone, but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything.
Your offer is very attractive, but we will have to think about it.
Although the proposal seemed like a good idea, they refused it.
The prominent psychologist resembles my uncle in appearance.
Many young people with piercings stay together their whole lives, especially if one gets their nose ring stuck in the other's braces.
Tom doesn't know when it'll happen, but he's pretty sure that it will happen.
Tom doesn't know when it'll happen, but he's pretty sure that it will happen.
Tom says that he can't remember anything that happened on the day of the accident.
That street is very noisy.
The city can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car from here.
She was absent from class.
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "With pleasure, my dear."
We need at least eight hours of sleep each day.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your English.
Mary tried to smuggle a hacksaw blade into the prison inside a cake.
Tom raised the crowbar intending to smash his attacker's head.
Tom removed the hacksaw from his toolbox and asked Mary if she wanted it.
Tom opened up the crate with a crowbar and took out a stick of dynamite.
Tom pried up the floorboards looking for the hidden gold coins.
Tom spent fifteen minutes trying to pry open the drawer with a crowbar, but he couldn't get it opened.
Tom wedged the claw of the crowbar under the nailhead and pulled out the nail.
Tom's head was smashed in with a crowbar or something similar.
He went to England for the purpose of studying English literature.
A mere repetition of other people's research cannot be called true scientific research.
I have lots of work to clear up by the weekend.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.
The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.
I'm assuming that the gunshot I heard was the one that killed Tom.
I'm pretty sure Tom went outside before the gunshot, not after.
The coroner didn't find any gunshot wounds on any of the bodies.
The forensic technician found gunshot residue on the victim's hand.
An immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
The front of Tom's shirt was stained with blood from a gunshot wound.
The policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
The two gunshot victims are in the intensive care unit at a nearby hospital.
Tom wanted to find a doctor who would treat his gunshot wound without reporting it to the police.
Tom saw two men lying on the floor, bleeding from gunshot wounds.
Tom is now in the hospital recovering from a gunshot wound.
Tom heard gunshots and looked out the window to see what was happening.
After Tom had eaten everything on his plate, he asked Mary if he could eat her salad.
The doctor told Tom that he should eat a lot of vegetables.
Tom ate the apple that Mary had left on the dining room table.
Tom doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager.
Tom might want to eat something when he finishes working out.
Tom not only eats more than Mary does, but he also eats much faster.
Tom said he had a stomachache and didn't feel like eating anything.
Tom said that he was planning to eat the whole watermelon by himself.
Tom said that he'd never eaten such a delicious meal before.
Tom sat there silently watching Mary eat the last of the food.
Tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
Tom uses a spoon to eat rice, but Mary prefers to use chopsticks.
Tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat.
You should pack a lunch so you'll have something to eat on your hike.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
How did you discover that Tom was the one who had embezzled the money?
I can't figure out how Tom managed to lose so much weight so quickly.
I wonder how Tom managed to park his car in such a small space.
There was a car accident and the traffic didn't move an inch.
With respect to these letters, I think the best thing is to burn them.
Psycho-horror films dealing with the mysteries of human psychology are popular these days.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
Because of fighting in the region, the oil supply was temporarily cut off.
Industrialization of the region must be carried out very carefully to avoid environmental destruction.
Tom said that he wanted to be alone and then he went upstairs to his bedroom.
There were 215 votes for the motion and 15 votes against it.
Americans under the age of eighteen aren't allowed to vote in presidential elections.
Tom and Mary frequently complained that they never had time to spend together without the children.
I'd love to be able to spend more time with you, but I have to get back to work.
People, goods and money are all free to move across national borders in the region.
Tom had a splinter in his finger, so he asked Mary to help him get it out.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
Tom didn't want to get involved in the fight, but he had no choice.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
The talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits.
A blanket of silence fell over everyone when they heard the disappointing announcement.
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.
Roosevelt was born to a wealthy family in New York City in 1858.
That sound annoyed me at first, but now I've gotten used to it.
The first prohibition of slavery was in the mid-nineteenth century.
Tom's third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
Tom's an irritating person to work with because he'll never admit it when he's made a mistake.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
Tom went without lunch because he didn't have enough time to eat.
Tom was very attached to the golf clubs that his father had given him.
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
Tom was talking about the delicious food they had eaten on their trip.
Tom was supposed to hand in his homework before the weekend.
Tom was sitting on the edge of the desk playing his ukulele.
Tom was singing with the children sitting around the campfire.
Tom was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident within 10 hours of graduating from college.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
Tom was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where he stayed.
Tom was caught cheating on the exam and was expelled from school.
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.
She reminds me of someone.
Tom wants to graduate from college before he turns 24 years old.
Tom wanted to study Japanese with a native Japanese speaker.
Tom volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do.
Tom volunteered a good deal of his time to helping those less fortunate than himself.
Tom usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
Tom used to walk into the bar and order three beers right off.
Tom used to always wear a watch, but now he just looks at his smart phone.
Tom tried to cut the delicious-looking meat with a dull knife.
Tom took off his coat because it was getting too hot to wear it.
Tom took a flower out of the vase while no one was looking.
Tom told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
Tom told me that he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
Tom told me that he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
Tom told me that he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
Tom threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up.
Tom suggested that we leave right away before it started to rain.
Tom spent most days begging for money in front of tourist attractions.
Tom speaks French better than any of the other students in his class.
Tom speaks five languages, but doesn't know how to be polite in any of them.
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room.
Tom should definitely visit an art museum or two while he's in France.
Tom says that he can drink a whole bottle of whiskey without getting drunk.
Tom said that we weren't allowed to take photographs in this museum.
Tom said that neither one of his parents had ever been to Boston.
Tom said that he'd give me thirty dollars if I ate an earthworm.
Tom said he wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with him.
Tom said he liked what she had made for dinner, but he was only being polite.
Tom rescued the dog from being eaten by the hungry soldiers.
Tom really loves playing the guitar, but he doesn't like singing.
Tom really does detest giving speeches in front of large audiences.
Tom ran as fast as he could hoping that he wouldn't miss the train.
Tom put together one million dollars in unmarked, used bills as the kidnappers had told him to do.
Tom put the food on the table and told everyone to start eating.
Tom put new strings on the old guitar that he had just bought.
Tom put his bags in the trunk, then hopped in the car and drove off.
That man was standing a little ways away, but he turned when he heard Tom shout.
This dictionary, of which the third volume is missing, cost me a hundred dollars.
I wish I could figure out how to get more people to visit my website.
Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task.
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
I understand everything now and I regret that Tom is not here with me now.
Tom pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
Tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break.
Tom played a Spanish folk tune on his English horn at a Chinese restaurant in France.
Tom needs to renew his passport before the fifteenth of next month.
Tom needs to find an apartment not too far from where he works.
Tom needs to find an apartment near where he works.
His good health enabled him to work till the age of seventy-five.
Tom needs at least nine hours of sleep every night or he can't function.
Tom must consider carefully whether he really wants a divorce or not.
Tom must buy a pair of shoes. His old ones are all worn out.
I don't know what I'm going to do with my cat now that I'm moving to another country.
You look very good.
You look very good.
Tom managed to escape from the room where his kidnappers had kept him locked up.
Tom made sure that his children ate everything on their plates.
The man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot.
More and more women have their own careers and are economically independent of their husbands.
Tom gave up his teaching job to become a full-time studio musician.
Women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a couple of words.
The man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire.
The man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire.
Tom made a frantic attempt to finish painting the fence before dark.
Tom loves coming here since he thinks this place serves the only fast food worth eating.
Tom lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
The man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger.
Tom lived in a tent next to the river while he attended summer school.
Tom likes listening to American English the most, but he also likes the sound of Irish English.
Tom left the city late that night to avoid getting arrested.
Tom left his work half done so he could get to the station in time.
Tom knew the truth, but he didn't let anyone know that he knew it.
Tom knew that salads were healthy, so he ate at least one salad a day.
Tom just barely managed to earn enough money to pay the rent.
Tom keeps a pair of binoculars in the glove compartment of his car.
Tom isn't the kind of person who blames others for his mistakes.
Tom isn't the kind of person who blames others for his mistakes.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
In 1964, Roger Miller agreed to record sixteen songs. One of those songs was "Dang Me." It became his first number one selling record.
Tom is ready to resort to violence in order to get what he wants.
Tom is ready to resort to violence in order to get what he wants.
Tom is one of the most respected men in the business world.
Tom is mistaken if he thinks that he can always have his own way.
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any argument.
Tom is irritating because he always has to have his own way.
Tom is having trouble coping with the fact that his son committed suicide.
Tom is having a hard time deciding what to wear to the party.
Tom is good with his hands and has built many interesting things.
Tom hates to admit that he's a member of the older generation.
Tom hasn't yet heard anything definite about whether he got into Harvard or not.
Tom hasn't lost any weight even though he says he's been dieting.
Tom told Mary to put the hammer back into the toolbox when she was finished using it.
The man decided to wait at the station until his wife came.
Tom has to study hard and catch up with the other students in his class.
Tom has to learn Japanese because he's going to Japan next year.
Tom has to be careful about what he eats at restaurants because he's allergic to many foods.
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has had trouble walking ever since he was six years old.
Tom has gotten older and he doesn't go out as often as he used to.
Tom has decided to live in Boston for the rest of his life.
Last night, my wife and I went to a friend's house for dinner.
Tom has been racking his brains for a solution to the problem.
Tom has been racking his brains for a solution to the problem.
Tom has been going to that beach every summer since he was very young.
Tom has been avoiding me like the plague ever since he broke my glasses.
Tom has been avoiding me like the plague ever since he borrowed my car.
Tom has a lot of religious books, but he has never read them.
Tom has a beard just like his father, grandfathers and brothers do.
They will have been in the United States for ten years next year.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
Tom had to leave the movie theater before the movie was over.
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat poison.
I thought you wouldn't tell her that we hadn't done our homework.
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
The group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
Tom groped for the flashlight that had fallen behind the couch.
Tom got very nervous when he was suddenly asked to make a speech.
Tom got tired of reading and wanted to go outside and play.
Tom got tired of reading and wanted to go outside and play.
The millionaire intended to purchase the masterpiece regardless of cost.
The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
You can't just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant.
You can't just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant.
I can't imagine why anyone would want to steal something like that.
I can't imagine why anyone would want to steal something like that.
We can't just cut people's salaries without giving them some warning.
I can't imagine how Tom has put up with Mary all these years.
I can't help thinking what Tom would say if he saw me doing this.
You can't help Tom tomorrow because you have to work all day.
I can't help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better, we'd have been friends.
I can't help feeling that Tom hasn't told me the whole truth.
When I woke up today, I yawned, stretched, rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, and put on a pair of slippers.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
I can't guarantee we'll be able to get the job done by next Monday.
We can't go outside on a day like this without wearing coats.
I can't go back to Australia. I'm wanted by the police there.
You can't give up now, not after all the effort you've put into this.
We can't get out. Someone locked the door from the outside.
I can't get any work done here with all these children in the room.
You can't fire Tom.
The police can't find a single person who remembers seeing you where you said you were on the night of the murder.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should have been.
Switzerland is a beautiful country worth visiting.
The bad weather delayed the plane's departure by two hours.
The waiting room was so noisy that I couldn't hear my name called.
The villagers have done without electricity for a long time.
I only know that if I don't take this medicine every day, I'll die.
The village is now very different from what it was ten years ago.
Fire!
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
Tom can't believe that Mary thinks it's OK to let John take the blame.
I can't believe that a guy like Tom was married to a woman as beautiful as Mary.
You can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
The twins were so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart.
The storm will make it impossible for the ship to leave port.
Tom looked out the window at the ship that was coming into port.
The ship was searched thoroughly, but no illegal drugs were found.
The war affected the way the Japanese view nuclear weapons.
We could see what we thought was a pirate ship in the distance.
We could see what we thought was a pirate ship in the distance.
Quite a few people attended the opening ceremony of the new bridge.
After running up so many flights of steps, she was completely out of breath.
I thought I told you never to call me while I'm at the office.
I thought I told you never to call me while I'm at the office.
You can't learn a foreign language in just a couple of weeks.
We can't leave our tents on the beach where they are now. If we do, they'll be under water during high tide.
I can't let Tom be put in prison for something he didn't do.
You can't let Tom drive that old truck. Let him drive your new car.
We can't let Tom get away with murdering those four people.
Would you like that?
Would you like that?
Would he like that?
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
You don't have to wince like that. I'll fix it so it doesn't hurt.
I'm concerned whether or not I can handle a big job like that.
I can't possibly afford to pay for the operation my mother needs.
I can't possibly afford to pay for the operation my mother needs.
The prosecuting attorney can't prove that somebody else didn't do it.
We can't really do anything until we get permission from Tom.
You can't really expect to get better at French if you don't study.
You can't say that.
You can't say that.
You can't scare me.
You can't scare me.
I can't see how anybody could've accomplished this without some help.
I can't see what the two of them are doing, but they are making a lot of noise.
It would be better if you didn't tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
Our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers.
To the best of my knowledge, the cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest at this point.
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life.
Take the road on the left.
Take the road on the left.
I don't want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you.
I've always been a little jealous of your friendship with Tom.
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at painting.
If I were a foreigner, I probably wouldn't be able to eat raw fish.
People can't stop talking about how nice a couple Tom and Mary are.
You can't stop Tom.
I can't stop you from revealing my secrets. However, I beg you not to.
I'd like to know how Tom got a hold of our private documents.
I'd like to know why you didn't finish your homework on time.
I'd like to show this picture of Tom to you.
I'd like to show this picture of Tom to you.
You ought to know better than to go to such a dangerous place.
You ought to know better than to go to such a dangerous place.
The letter Tom received said that he should return home as soon as possible.
You live and learn.
Could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh?
Could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh?
It'll be easy to finish this job by Tuesday.
It depends on what you want to achieve.
It takes two to tango.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
When someone speaks with such rhetorical flourish, it starts to sound like they're lying.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
The pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable.
I have four computers, but two of them are so old I don't use them anymore.
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast. You're making the baby sick!
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast. You're making the baby sick!
If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the zip code 8000.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
He was busy, but he took the time to show me around the city.
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
I can't tell you how many times I've thought about all the good times we used to have together.
I have four computers, but two of them are so old I don't use them anymore.
No matter who you ask, you won't be able to get a satisfactory answer.
Tom's mother always told him he should eat more vegetables.
My mother always told me that I should put money in the bank every month so I'd have enough money in case of an emergency.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
She's young and beautiful.
Those who are terrorists for some, are freedom fighters for others.
Where are you going in such a hurry? We've got plenty of time, so drive safely.
Where are you going in such a hurry? We've got plenty of time, so drive safely.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
It makes no difference to her whether she lives in a city or in the country.
Tom hurt his left knee during practice, so John had to play the game in his place.
The police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go.
Why do you hate me?
Why do you hate me?
Tom doesn't like to use the term "a person of color" because he thinks it implies that white people have no color.
Please tell me who some of the famous musicians in your country are.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
The robbers came out from behind the trees and attacked him.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
Before going to work in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to study in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
You've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses.
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
Nobody has asked you to agree, but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you?
Nobody has asked you to agree, but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you?
It is not until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
Your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father.
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
The movie that Tom and Mary watched together had a happy ending.
Tom was vacuuming the rug while Mary was mopping the kitchen floor.
If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
I like him not because he's courteous, but because he's honest.
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
You can study here.
You can study here.
Did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having?
Don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
Favoring one gender over another won't win you any friends here.
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
He didn't divulge the information, not even under pain of torture.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
I'm afraid I have to go now.
Tom was obsessed by the belief that, one by one, everyone around him was being abducted and replaced by aliens.
As she was leaving me, she said that she would never forget me.
That's just the beginning.
It takes two to tango.
It takes two to tango.
It happens all the time.
I had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
The only thing that matters to Tom is how much money he makes.
I just want to let you know that I'll be late tomorrow morning.
A family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine.
You may take photos of the outside of this museum, but you may not take pictures of the exhibits inside.
You're the only person I know that never complains about the food here.
As a rule, he arrives at the office at about nine-thirty in the morning.
Tom gave a famous singer ten thousand dollars to come to the restaurant to sing "Happy Birthday."
Tom gave a famous singer ten thousand dollars to come to the restaurant to sing "Happy Birthday."
Tom saw that Mary wasn't happy and went over to cheer her up.
It would have been wiser to leave it unsaid.
Tom said he saw something weird on the other side of that mountain.
Tom works as a bank clerk during the week and as a part-time lifeguard on weekends.
If you want to be a good father, you need to spend time with your children.
If you want to be a newspaperman, you have to be observant.
If you want to be a newspaperman, you have to be observant.
Tom said he saw something weird on the other side of that mountain.
That tie is too expensive.
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.
Tom stopped playing the piano as soon as we walked into the room.
Yesterday was the first time Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
Yesterday was the first time Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
Yesterday was the first time Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
Tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
You were always playing tricks on me when we were in junior high school.
When I entered the room, I could hear Mozart playing on the radio.
I've heard you play the viola and you're not very good, are you?
As I entered the bar, I heard a sad song playing on the jukebox.
Tom and Mary sat at a small table in the garden playing chess.
Tom and Mary sat at a small table in the garden playing chess.
I've heard you play the viola and you're not very good, are you?
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
As I entered the bar, I heard a sad song playing on the jukebox.
The police asked the girl to make a rough sketch of her lost dog.
We played together every day when we were kids.
We played together every day when we were kids.
We played together every day when we were kids.
I've seen Tom play peek-a-boo with his baby.
If you want to master a language, you need to learn to think in that language.
Tom is the kind of guy that a girl could fall in love with.
Is there something that you want to tell me?
There are many department stores and supermarkets in Shinjuku.
That didn't really happen.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn't you believe me?
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn't you believe me?
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn't you believe me?
Don't you think this computer game may be a little too difficult for Tom?
He saved himself somehow.
"Can you come over this afternoon?" "Yes, I suppose I could."
Even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure.
The agreement was a product of compromise between the two governments.
An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
The citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection.
The citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection.
"What kind of music do you want to hear?" "Put on something romantic."
Some people never seem to learn how to think for themselves.
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.
Tom would've made the same decision I'm making if he were in my shoes.
You can't really understand another person until you walk a mile in their shoes.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said he didn't have enough time to do so.
If you want something done right, you should do it yourself.
If you have something to say, say it.
In case something happens to me, I'd like you to take care of my children.
When Tom put his foot into the stream, he felt something bite his toe.
When I entered the room, Tom and Mary were laughing at something.
Tom tried to tell me something, but Mary interrupted before he could say anything.
Tom needed something to do to keep his mind off his problems.
This is a minor issue compared to our big national problems.
"Let's buy Tom a car for his graduation present." "That's a great idea."
I'd like some coffee if you are making some.
Tom was just about to say something when Mary walked into the room.
Since it's written in easy English, even you can read that book.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
His biggest dream is being able to speak like a native speaker.
It's very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He didn't tell a lie. As a matter of fact, he told the whole truth.
You look surprised.
When the chips are down, the only one you can count on is yourself.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.
Tom likes to read English subtitles while watching movies in English.
Sooner or later, every parent has to have a talk with their children about the birds and the bees.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he's over twenty.
I didn't want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor.
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
I could kick myself for not inviting Tom and Mary to my party.
We will start at two o'clock if it has stopped raining by that time.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
"I have to stop you from doing that." "Stop me from doing what?"
I wouldn't ask Tom to do anything that he doesn't really want to do.
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attention to him.
You always said you wanted to become a scientist. Why didn't you?
Would a couple of sandwiches for breakfast be all right for you?
One thing I've always wanted to do is write a children's book.
You drive too fast.
You can't leave me.
You can't leave me.
That might have been true.
Someone opened the window.
Would you be so kind as to let me borrow your cell phone, please?
When all was said and done, the world was not destroyed on December 21, 2012.
Tom was talking on the phone when Mary walked into the room.
Instead of eating vegetables, he puts them in a blender and drinks them.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
Tom threatened me. He said if I didn't give him the money, he'd cut off one of my fingers.
"Here are some flowers for you." "Thanks. They're gorgeous."
They were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy.
The Nationalist movements in both countries have been exacerbating the problem.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Tom is a New Yorker, but he doesn't have a New York accent.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
It was the most beautiful sight that he had ever seen in his life.
Before you go to visit him, you should make sure he's at home.
I gave up on the idea of buying a house.
Just saying you don't like fish because of the bones is not really a good reason for not liking fish.
I'm skeptical when I hear someone claim to speak more than five languages fluently.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
The police found Tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead.
Tom and Mary couldn't go on a picnic because it was raining.
Tom and Mary couldn't go on a picnic because it was raining.
It is impossible for us to cross that river.
We named our only son Tom after my grandfather.
We named our only son Tom after my grandfather.
We all took for granted that the professor could speak English.
We all took for granted that the professor could speak English.
I couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
It's hard to love somebody when you don't know whether they love you as much as you love them.
Wait!
Wow!
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
Now that Tom is taking proper medication, he should be able to control himself better.
After knocking twice, the police had no choice but to break the door down.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
We were greatly relieved to find that the worst dangers were over.
In retrospect, I should have treated her with more respect.
Mona is still running a temperature and should stay at home.
I started a new blog. I'll do my best not to be one of those people who blogs a lot right at the start and then quits blogging.
Take your time. I know you need a couple of days to reflect on it.
That didn't help them any.
If it hadn't been for his advice, I couldn't have succeeded.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
Tom just stood there watching Mary staring at herself in the mirror.
It's very unlikely that Tom's children inherited anything from him.
In the morning I greet people with "Good morning." That's an abbreviation for "I wish you a good morning" or "Have a good morning".
Common sense tells us, however, that there is no easy solution.
"You're pretty good at English, aren't you?" "I'd like to think so."
I think I've figured out which horse is most likely to win the race.
I thought it would be an opportunity for you to improve your French.
I realize that you guys wouldn't be here if you didn't have to be.
I thought about writing you a message, but never got around to it.
One hundred and sixteen people died as a result of a bomb attack in Pakistan.
The three big monotheistic religions are Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
This is one of the dictionaries I told you about yesterday.
It's all the same to me.
No sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
I managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
We have a right to demand a safe future for ourselves and future generations.
You will have guessed its meaning by the end of the chapter.
It's been three years since Tom left Boston.
Tom decided that he wouldn't tell Mary anything about the incident.
The cost of living has shot through the ceiling in the last year.
She was wearing a new hat.
The waiter was such a nice man we didn't like to complain about the meal.
If we were to live on the moon, how large would the earth look?
To tell the truth, it does not always pay to tell the truth.
My father, grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather all had the same name as I have.
My father, grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather all had the same name as I have.
I'd like to stay and chat, but I've got a meeting to go to.
Tom has some food allergies, so he has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom has some food allergies, so he has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom was standing just in front of a large building that was up for sale.
I thought you might like to know who's coming to our party.
I stuck around for a while to see if anyone else would come.
I thought I would be nervous, but I was cool as a cucumber.
I can't be sure, but I think Tom wants to go out with Mary.
Tom and his buddies slit the throats of eleven men and women.
You should wear your hair down more often. It looks great that way.
That will never disappear.
Nothing is more pleasant than to take a walk on a fine spring day.
While I was waiting for the streetcar, I witnessed a traffic accident.
No matter where you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
I had to wait for Tom's reply for a long time, but it was worth it.
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
Tom reached for a dictionary that was on the very top of the shelf.
It's one thing to make plans, but quite another to carry them out.
The girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift.
The girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift.
Some people think that eating grapefruit with every meal will help you lose weight.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with.
It serves our purpose.
Let's not forget we never could have done this without Tom's help.
The more information you give me, the better the advice I can provide you.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
Your English is grammatically correct, but sometimes what you say just doesn't sound like what a native speaker would say.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday.
Tom tried to sell his old VCR instead of throwing it away, but no one would buy it, so he ended up throwing it away.
That big one is also mine.
Children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous.
It was just something I read in a newspaper.
Thank you for stopping by.
If it had not been for her help, you would never have done it.
If it had not been for her help, you would never have done it.
It will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post.
It will not be long before one out of five people owns a car.
If it had not been for his timely hit, our team would have lost the game.
If it had not been for his wife, he would not have changed his job.
That was totally my fault.
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
That is a trivial problem.
That is a trivial problem.
It was a very slow train. It stopped at every little station.
If this is the best of all possible worlds, what are the others like?
This is what happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing.
If you won a million yen, what would you do?
Many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
You can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does.
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
The police are now investigating the cause of the accident.
Everything that I saw was completely different from what I had expected.
We will have to consider each application on a case-by-case basis.
The boy fainted, but he came to when we threw water on his face.
The police conducted an offensive against some drug dealers.
Why do you laugh so hard at his jokes? They're not even funny.
The girl fainted, but she came to when we threw water on her face.
I let Tom know that I was dissatisfied with his performance.
We will check to see if what you have said is really the truth.
Don't listen to Tom. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Tell Tom I'm not interested in the car he's trying to sell.
What a gorgeous sunset! Let's hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it.
You had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other.
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
I attended the party with the intention of taking some pictures.
We were looking forward to spending an evening at home alone.
I don't think I could stand to spend six hours alone with you.
The kidnapper told me he'd kill Tom if I didn't show up alone.
Tom was sitting alone at the kitchen table when Mary walked in.
One of the disadvantages of living alone is that you have no one to talk to.
One of the disadvantages of living alone is that you have no one to talk to.
I just sat there trying not to think about how alone I felt.
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.
As soon as I can afford it, I plan to travel around the world.
If Tom had asked Mary for advice first, he wouldn't have had this problem.
His admission that he had stolen the money astonished his family.
You can't back out.
I don't have time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
The neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down.
The neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down.
That's just the way he is.
Stop looking at that girl.
Stop looking at that girl.
That's just what he needs.
If you have a good garden, it will enhance the value of your house.
I advised him to give up smoking, but he would not listen to me.
We will only consider placing an order if you reduce the price by 5%.
Three students made short speeches and introduced themselves and their countries.
The old woman had a narrow escape from being run over by a car.
Do you think parents should punish their children when they lie?
If he did not watch so much television, he would have more time for study.
Lots of old people are killed in traffic accidents every year.
Tom lives on a farm with his wife, Mary, not too far from Boston.
If you look carefully, you'll see that the box has a false bottom.
They have us out-gunned, but we'll have the element of surprise.
The only time that Tom left the room was just before we ate dinner.
Tom's wife doesn't like it when he smokes in the living room.
Sugar is soluble in water.
I'd like to be able to tell Tom that he has nothing to worry about.
I'd like to ask you a question, but if this is a bad time, I can come back at another time.
I'd like to ask one or two questions myself.
You can't beat me, Tom. I've been playing tennis since I was a kid.
Tom laughed at all of Mary's jokes, even the ones he didn't think were funny.
It was real hard work.
Somebody was in the house.
Somebody was in the house.
"Was there a dead body in the room?" "No, there was no body there."
Because of the heavy fog, we could barely see the road in front of us.
After getting out of the shower, Tom wiped the fog off the mirror and shaved.
Tom doesn't like being around children because he's always afraid of catching a cold from one of them.
It is a pity that you cannot travel with us.
We heard the news that you had passed the exam.
Instead of taking a rest, he worked much harder than usual.
The picture on the wall is the one that Tom painted last summer.
We waited for the bus, but it was over 30 minutes late, so we caught a cab.
I don't like him very much. To tell you the truth, I hate him.
I liked the sour cherry strudel and the nut filled strudel.
It is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
Tom couldn't understand why his company's products weren't selling well.
You might meet Tom.
He's a good guy now, so he'll make a good husband in the future.
Tom has been living out of a suitcase for the past two months.
My grandfather on my father's side is celebrating his 88th birthday tomorrow.
I played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week.
I have trouble falling asleep because I always have a lot on my mind.
There's an apostrophe missing. "It's" and "its" are different. -- I know. It was a typing error.
My grandfather on my mother's side is celebrating his 60th birthday tomorrow.
My grandfather on my mother's side passed away ten years ago.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side for his 88th birthday.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side for his 88th birthday.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
You are under oath.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you.
The defense attorney jumped to his feet and shouted "Objection!"
If you want a lawyer and can't afford one, one will be appointed to you.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
If you want this marriage to work, you need to choose between spending time with me and working all the time.
In the near future, space travel will no longer be just a dream.
A student raised his hand when the teacher finished the reading.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
It seems that they're bored of married life.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
Last Saturday, my family went to the zoo to see the pandas.
People have a tendency to underestimate their future needs.
The African elephant has bigger ears than the Asian elephant.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that what Mary said was true.
When I was a boy, I was addicted to reading detective stories.
No sooner is one lie out of your mouth than you're telling yet another.
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine.
It doesn't matter very much which college you graduated from.
Tom can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
Something you should know about me is that I spend a lot of time reading.
Tom says he's snuggled with his girlfriend, but they haven't yet kissed.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers.
Some people insist that television does more harm than good.
I'd like it if you would cook dinner for me.
She began writing a report at eight, finishing it at twelve.
The population of China is about eight times as large as that of Japan.
The population of China is about eight times as large as that of Japan.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
Yesterday the unveiling of the founder's statue and the opening of the school building took place.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work a few days ago.
What you're saying now has nothing to do with the question.
You just got lucky.
The Grand Canyon is one of the most popular places in the USA.
Could someone make an example sentence in German using the word "Beispiel?"
I think we're going to need to put this project on the back burner for a little while.
If it's okay with you, I'd like to take it slow. I really don't want to rush into things.
Honestly, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
We have to put the piano on its side in order to get it in.
These small letters can only be read with a magnifying glass.
These small letters can only be read with a magnifying glass.
The forest was so thick that one could hardly walk through it.
The defense attorney asked for mercy for the condemned man.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
The children trampled on the grass and the guard scolded them.
That's very inconsiderate.
That woman blocked my way.
That man was pestering me.
I appreciate what you're doing, but I don't think it'll help.
I always order the daily special when I eat lunch at this restaurant.
That hat matches the suit.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
Swallow it. Don't chew it.
Soak this sponge in water.
Please give me your picture so I don't forget how you look.
We have to use the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
There is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds.
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
If that is true, then he is not responsible for the accident.
I think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
I've always wanted to travel through Europe.
If you go by plane, you won't be able to take much luggage.
I heard that one way to stay healthy is to avoid eating any food with unpronounceable ingredients.
That is the most I can do.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
I doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
That horror movie was very scary and I couldn't sleep after watching it.
It's getting cooler, particularly in the mornings and evenings.
I imagine that Tom will eventually learn to deal with the way people treat him.
Then he got dressed, stuffed his lecture notes into his briefcase, and ran down the stairs.
I was tied up until very late getting some things in order.
After eight months, he eventually started dating girls again.
It was not until five years later that I heard of his marriage.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
I can't believe that Tom just left without saying anything.
I can't believe that Tom just left without saying anything.
I can't believe that Tom just left without saying anything.
I can't believe that Tom just left without saying anything.
It was not unexpected.
Tom and Mary relaxed in front of the TV for a couple of hours watching an old movie.
Do you spend more time with your friends or with your family?
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my speech.
I don't think she'll be happy living with her mother-in-law.
The only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip.
The only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip.
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.
I don't care how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy his party, so he didn't invite her.
I had hardly sat down on the bench when I found it had just been painted.
The cushions on the sofa don't match those on the armchairs.
Life would be terribly monotonous and deadly boring if everyone felt, thought and spoke the same.
I don't know whether I'll be able to attend tomorrow's meeting.
I don't know whether I'll be able to attend tomorrow's meeting.
I don't know whether I'll be able to attend tomorrow's meeting.
I don't know what we're going to find, but we should find something.
I don't know what Tom advised you to do, but I'd suggest that you don't tell Mary about it.
There are as many as two hundred cherry trees in this park.
I don't know if you remember me, but we met a couple of years ago in Boston.
He always shows great determination in everything he undertakes.
Don't compare yourself with your brother because he's a better man than you.
She owns a very big house.
You're just as annoying as you were the last time I met you.
Since my husband became sick he's lost 20 kilograms and his pants are now baggy.
I want to find out if Tom is going to go out and eat with us.
We must respect each of God's creatures and respect the environment in which we live.
Someone made a mistake.
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own experience.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
I even wrote a speech just in case I was asked to give one.
I enforce the rules even though I don't agree with them all.
They just want to make money. They don't care about anything else.
Do you want your whiskey straight or should I mix it with water?
The strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye.
Girls begin puberty around the ages of ten to eleven, and boys around the ages of eleven to twelve.
As far as politics is concerned, he's still as innocent as a child.
As a result of the collision, one of the passengers was thrown out.
Although they were brothers, they were not on speaking terms.
Among the things found were umbrellas, shoes, and handkerchiefs.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
I took all the coins out of my piggy bank because I didn't have any money and wasn't getting paid until next week.
Tom prefers to take a shower in the morning while Mary prefers to take a bath just before going to bed.
The old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth.
All the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started.
The train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up.
The train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up.
The train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
Tom, I think we need to help Mary. It looks like she's in trouble.
It still doesn't work.
After his bankruptcy, he wasn't able to get back on his feet.
You can see the smokestacks of the factory from the window.
You can see the smokestacks of the factory from the window.
Who's the gorgeous girl I saw wandering around in the mall with you?
There are signs of growing tensions between the two countries.
Tom is the only American Mary knows whose father wasn't born in America.
Was that Tom who was playing the organ at church last Sunday?
I'll never forget the day we first met.
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library.
Mary fluctuates between having an exaggerated sense of her own importance and an inferiority complex.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
I met someone the other day that I think I could fall in love with.
I met someone the other day that I think I could fall in love with.
I know that it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
Watch out for the sparks that are flying out of the fireplace!
There was a crowd of people at the entrance of the theater.
The company has sent several representatives to discuss the matter.
Experience can't be handed down — everyone has to come up with their own.
I just find it hard to believe that Tom really believes that.
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.
In addition to his regular job, he has a lot of other activities.
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
Why don't you look into the problem yourself? It's your responsibility.
Why don't you look into the problem yourself? It's your responsibility.
Why don't you look into the problem yourself? It's your responsibility.
He goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep.
First words get confused, then ideas get confused, and finally things themselves get confused.
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.
She was now out of danger.
The train was on the point of leaving when I got to the station.
I know your time is valuable, but could I ask you just one question?
You should consider the problem before coming to a decision.
You should consider the problem before coming to a decision.
You should consider the problem before coming to a decision.
The problem is not as simple as it might seem at first sight.
The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
Whether the problem is important or unimportant, you must solve it.
If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
Though the Incas built up a great civilization, they had no system of writing.
That girl is so beautiful that she attracts even the most self-possessed men.
I just told Tom that I wanted to help him clean the garage.
The bookshelf is built in.
I ought to wear this tie more often. I've gotten a lot of compliments today.
I can get us some tickets to Tom's concert if you want to go.
Put the book back on the shelf when you're through with it.
Put the book back on the shelf when you're through with it.
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
They can come on Monday or Tuesday, but not on Wednesday or Thursday.
He stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave.
It's very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
"I plan to help Tom steal some cars." "That would be unwise."
There's nothing any of us can do for Tom now except let him die with dignity.
All the doctors say that I shouldn't drink coffee, but, despite that, I do have a bit now and then when I'm in good company.
I think it'll cost you more than 10,000 yen to have this camera fixed.
I think it'll cost you more than 10,000 yen to have this camera fixed.
How long are you going to keep whimpering about that? You can't change the past.
I have difficulty understanding abstract modern art, especially Mondrian.
You look surprised.
If I knew it was going to upset you so much, I wouldn't have mentioned it.
If I had all the time in the world, I'd build a boat and sail to Fiji.
Stop being so bull-headed!
Tom assured me that this kind of problem wouldn't happen again.
I found the book so interesting that I kept on reading it until daybreak.
The British troops fought hard, but could not stop the Germans.
I know it's kind of late, but would you mind if I came over now? I have something I need to discuss with you.
Tom and Mary were standing just outside the door, whispering to each other.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the sofa very close to each other.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the sofa as far away from each other as possible.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the sofa as far away from each other as possible.
It was easy to answer.
I believe, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that she is innocent.
The treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain.
I met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
The boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
Tom and Mary were seated next to each other in the back seat of John's car.
Tom and Mary were sitting across from each other at a table on the veranda.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time together when they were kids.
Tom and Mary sat across from each other at a table in the corner.
Tom and Mary looked at each other with concerned expressions on their faces.
Tom had to lend Mary some money so she could take the bus home.
Tom refused to continue to ignore the way Mary was behaving at school.
Tom left his parents' house this spring and has been living alone since then.
In the short time Tom was away from his desk, Mary scribbled something in his textbook.
Since their conversation was in French, I couldn't understand a word.
I think Tom needs to start hanging out with someone other than Mary.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work she had asked him to do.
I believe, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that she is innocent.
I make it a rule to take a walk around the nearby pond in the evening.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't the captain of the wrestling team.
That report was important because it pointed out all the errors the committee had made.
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
That's a really big apple.
Tom hadn't washed dishes in a week, so the sink was full of dirty dishes.
Tom hadn't washed clothes in a long time, so he searched through his dirty clothes to see if there was something clean enough to wear.
Tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep.
If he keeps threatening you, then you should go to the police.
The ability to work hard is an admirable quality, but the ability to relax is equally important.
I had forgotten all about today's meeting. I'm glad you reminded me.
Have you ever noticed that Tom's right ear is much larger than his left ear?
If you're going to go to France, you should brush up your French.
If Tom would smile more often, he'd probably have more friends.
Considering how long I've been studying French, I should be able to speak it better.
Considering how long I've been studying French, I should be able to speak it better.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
Tom and Mary are both determined to make the best of this situation.
Tom didn't know where to go to buy a ticket for Mary's concert.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
No matter how many times I've been shown, I just can't learn how to tie a tie.
I want to learn how to use my new digital camera right away.
I want to learn all the words on this list by the middle of July.
Tom's parents were disappointed that he couldn't get into Harvard.
I think you and Tom have more in common than you want to admit.
Tom told me you only want two hundred dollars for your guitar.
Tom didn't want me to tell you this, but he just lost his job.
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary, but all he had were DVD blanks.
If I could have spoken French better, I might have gotten that job.
If I could have spoken French better, I might have gotten that job.
Tom wanted to leave, but Mary wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom divorced Mary after the children graduated from college.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
The physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion.
He sent about 2.2 billion spam emails over a period of around one and a half years.
I almost got killed when I went into the burning house to save Tom.
Why don't you guys go on into the living room and make yourselves comfortable?
After polishing his shoes, Tom brushed his teeth and combed his hair.
The story has been passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious that his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
How long do you think Tom will work for us before he quits and goes to another company?
How many people do you know that don't have health insurance?
There's an interesting article in this magazine about education problems.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
"How was the survival camp?" "I hated it. I only lasted two days."
Tom thought it wasn't a good idea to leave Mary at home without a babysitter.
I have all these apples to carry, not to mention this bag of potatoes.
We will be studying at the University of San Francisco in September.
It was much worse than we initially thought.
Speaking in French is fun.
The Grand Canyon is one of the most popular places in the USA.
Everyone does it.
Finally, I have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
Japan's exports to the entire world topped $314 billion in 1998.
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.
I recognized the teacher at once, because I had met him before.
The ladies are looking after the children whose parents are employed in factories during the daytime.
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
The couple doesn't fight often these days, but they used to a lot.
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
We can get a glimpse of the lifestyle of ancient people from this wall painting.
I didn't know hummingbirds could even fly upside down when frightened.
Sorry, but I have to hurry. I have no time to explain this in detail.
The dying man made an effort to say something, but could not.
That disease is incurable.
The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
If you could go back and start your life again, from what age would you like to start?
Tom arrived at the train station just as his train was pulling away from the platform.
To prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task.
The sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here.
The sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here.
The sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here.
I guess that the beautiful girl will say goodbye to the shy young man.
The man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed.
The secretary is good at English in addition to being beautiful.
The secretary is good at English in addition to being beautiful.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
I've been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back.
When I told them I'd done it, they looked at me like I was nuts.
Even though Tom left home early today, he was late for work.
Her eyes were filled with tears when she pictured the sad scene to herself.
Mary looked in her purse, but she didn't find what she was looking for.
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
Tom likes Mary, but Mary likes John. To make matters even more interesting, John likes Alice, but Alice likes Tom.
The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
Car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles.
I think Mary is one of the most beautiful women I've ever met.
Today, automobiles have taken the place of horses as the principal means of transportation.
Would you like that?
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to give to his friends.
This jet travels about three times as fast as the speed of sound.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
We're heading for the beach. Would you like to come with us?
There is a really good restaurant just off the beach that I think you'd enjoy.
You can trust them.
The industrialist found a wealthy financier to help him weather the storm which was inevitable.
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
You aren't invited.
You aren't invited.
I know what time you said to be there, but I wasn't able to be there at that time.
Tom explained it to me, but I still couldn't understand it.
There was a larger crowd at the concert than we had anticipated.
The politician had sticky fingers, and 5% of every contract ended in his pocket.
The politician said he was deeply indebted to everyone for their support in the election.
The politician did not bother to apologize for betraying our trust.
I'd like you to have a thorough examination.
I'd like you to have a thorough examination.
Tom is always sleeping in class. It almost seems like he goes to school just to catch up on his sleep.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, so I had no idea what they were talking about.
Tom and Mary plan to go hiking tomorrow if the weather improves.
We'll have our picnic inside if the weather doesn't improve.
One king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years.
There seem to be few people who can solve that math problem.
Covered with dust, the doll stood in the corner of the room.
Tom and Mary plan to go hiking tomorrow if the weather improves.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
The United Nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict.
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money.
She showed me the present that she had received from her boyfriend.
Of all the countries I've visited, I liked Australia the best.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
Even after Tom had been drinking all night, he didn't find Mary attractive.
Sometimes a friendly gesture is worth more than a thousand words.
Our children are anxious to have bicycles like those of the children next door.
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.
Not having seen him before, I'll not be able to recognize him.
We have to pick those apples right now, otherwise they'll decay.
Under the new law, husbands can take days off to care for their children.
He argued that the new policy was bound to drive the economy into recession.
The new library has been under construction since last year.
The new school failed to take into account the special needs of young people.
You should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine.
You should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine.
What effect did the doctor say this medicine has on people?
Since the accident, Tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer.
This book will be useful to anyone who wants to improve their memory and logical thinking.
After the war, the idea of democracy spread throughout Japan.
She can play tennis very well, but I can play as well as she can.
The samples were collected from two hundred medical institutions all over the world.
Tom certainly understands that we all need to attend today's meeting.
No one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
I didn't order this.
This is the only guidebook that was recommended to me that is really useful.
When I was a kid, we used to play hide and seek quite a lot.
Would you be willing to volunteer at the animal shelter two or three days a week?
Would you be willing to volunteer at the animal shelter two or three days a week?
Perhaps you'd be willing to volunteer to take care of the children.
It's difficult to help people when they don't want your help.
Perhaps you'd be willing to volunteer to take care of the children.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
We need one more volunteer to go on a mission to rescue Tom.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom comes or not.
Tom parked in one of the empty spaces in front of the library.
What are some high cholesterol foods that you can easily avoid eating?
My supervisor is making me do this so I'm in no hurry to finish.
Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
He failed many times, but he had no feeling that it was a waste of time.
It seems a waste of time to wait any longer.
I can't imagine many people wanting to read this book more than once.
I'm not the kind of idiot who would climb a mountain in the winter without proper preparations.
The police will just take the money and probably won't even look for the owner.
Are you honestly telling me you never want to see Tom again?
Excuse me, could you please take a photo of my friends and me?
Excuse me, could you please take a photo of my friends and me?
This meeting is a waste of time. Everybody is just talking in vague theoretical terms.
One hundred dollars will cover all your expenses for the trip.
One hundred dollars will cover all your expenses for the trip.
One hundred dollars will cover all your expenses for the trip.
In Shakespeare's time, in the sixteenth century, tennis was very popular at the English court.
Tom asked me how long my parents had been married before they separated.
Tom has been playing the violin for more than thirty years.
A wife is the tax that you have to pay for the luxury of having children.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
When Tom told me what Mary looked like, he didn't tell me she was so overweight.
The United States is the largest producer of cheese in the world.
Tom can say "I can only speak French" in thirty languages.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, but switched to English when John entered the room.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
Is it correct to say that the Qur'an is the bible of the Muslims?
Tom missed the last train and spent the night at an Internet cafe.
You shouldn't study all day long. You should go out and have some fun.
It's been a while since I've ridden a horse.
It's been a while since I've ridden a horse.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I got caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I got caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
Tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver.
Tom's parents didn't want him to become a used car salesman.
The ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian.
Tom has changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize him if you saw him.
Tom has changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize him if you saw him.
I think Tom's homemade cookies are better than the ones Mary makes.
Nobody likes Tom and nobody ever will. He's just too hard to get along with.
People often give fake personal information when setting up website accounts.
It's not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites.
Please mail this letter the next time you go to the post office.
Please mail this letter the next time you go to the post office.
Tom and Mary never had trouble finding something to talk about.
What time tomorrow morning would you like me to pick you up?
What time tomorrow morning would you like me to pick you up?
Tom has changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize him if you saw him.
Let's see who can hold their breath underwater the longest.
Let's see who can hold their breath underwater the longest.
This book gives a good picture of life in America during the Civil War.
How to deal with environmental pollution is a serious matter.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.
She spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money.
You might want to consider buying some new tires for your car.
Tom didn't have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem.
This book is chiefly concerned with the effects of secondhand smoking.
Making friends with people from other countries is interesting.
Tom deposited some money in his savings account just yesterday.
This book is still interesting even after reading it many times.
This book, which was once a best seller, is now out of print.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
You can shower here.
It seems like there are never enough hours in a day to get everything done.
The book Tom has that Mary wants to read was given to him by John.
Tom told Mary that he had a headache even though he really didn't have one.
When Tom works outside in the winter, he usually wears long johns.
The train was delayed for one hour on account of the typhoon.
This book is not only more instructive but more interesting than that book.
This book says the earliest man-made bridges date back to the New Stone Age.
Tom told me that he and Mary spent their summer vacation at the beach.
Tom told me that he and Mary were planning on going to the beach this coming weekend.
I spoke to him in English and found I could make myself understood.
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I look like my brother.
Tom prefers to take a shower in the morning while Mary prefers to take a bath just before going to bed.
I finally have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
In the United States, a tablespoon is equivalent to three teaspoons.
I didn't think the American people would reelect George W. Bush.
Tom stood alone under a big clock in the deserted train station.
It's rather cold today, but I think it'll be fairly warm tomorrow.
I would've left before Tom got here if I'd known he was coming.
I plan to contact Tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help us.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
I was dialing his number just as he walked through the door.
Yesterday, as I was walking along the street, I saw an accident.
Should we change the flag?
Should we change the flag?
Tom called Mary and asked her to meet him for a drink at the bar across from his office.
I hired Tom because I thought he was the best person for the job.
I've never heard Tom say anything like that.
If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to let me know.
There are people of many different races living in America.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
Tom accomplished what we thought he wouldn't be able to accomplish.
She traveled around Japan.
I've kept my weight down even though many of my friends have gained weight as they've grown older.
That's really interesting.
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.
I have Japanese and Chinese friends who speak to each other in English since that is the only language they have in common.
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary would decide not to buy that house.
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
I'm afraid this story is too adult for children to appreciate.
What sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress?
What sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress?
Tom shared the apartment with Mary and three other friends.
She was a medical student.
I've only spoken to Tom twice since he started working here.
Tom and Mary wanted to get married and have kids as soon as possible.
We had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money.
I heard that Tom had been smuggling drugs into the United States for years before he got caught.
He just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents.
Among the five of us, she, without a doubt, speaks the most languages.
This beautiful autumn weather we've been having makes up for the wet summer.
Tom politely pretended not to notice that Mary had been crying.
I stumbled across this problem when I was working on something else.
I am impressed by your recent advertisement in the New York Times.
If you help me with my English, I'll help you with your Japanese.
The bird spread its wings.
I hear he traveled by bicycle from Hokkaido to Kyushu.
I think your problem is that you don't listen carefully when people are explaining things.
It is about 1 mile from here to the station.
If you are interested in studying English with a native speaker, please contact me.
Tom made some extra money by renting one of his rooms to a college student.
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
Today is Friday, and I've done what I do almost every Friday.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Tell Tom I won't be there.
Statistics show that the population of the world is increasing.
The World Health Organization says alcohol abuse is the third leading cause of death and disability in the world.
I agreed to her suggestion that we meet again five years from then.
I'm saving up so that I can go to Australia.
Taking good care of your clothes will make them last longer.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
It was a magic moment.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
I'm not sure if I like this one or that one.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet hoping to find some aspirin.
It took Tom fifteen minutes of googling before he found what he was looking for.
She was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad.
Isn't it about time you guys buried the hatchet and let bygones be bygones?
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
I will be flying over the Pacific about this time tomorrow.
Tom admitted that it was due to his carelessness that the accident had happened.
The blood alcohol limit for drunken driving is .08 percent in Texas.
The police couldn't find any footprints outside Tom's bedroom window.
This yearbook is illustrated with a lot of beautiful photographs.
I'll afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere.
Tom visited Mary, who was in the hospital with a broken bone.
I think it's highly unlikely that I'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
They wanted to ban slavery everywhere in the United States.
A stranger asked the girl whether her father was at home or at his office.
Tom had a splinter in his finger, so he asked Mary to help him get it out.
I just wanted to explain why I couldn't help the other day.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was close."
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close one!"
He often went fishing on Sundays when the weather was good.
Please don't open the train doors until the train has stopped.
Since there are no buses on this road, we will have to walk.
Tom has devoted his life to the anti-nuclear-energy movement.
Tom thinks it's important for Mary to learn how to speak French.
Masculine qualities in a woman are seen as strength, while feminine qualities in a man are viewed as weakness.
Birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes.
I'm going to talk to Tom when he comes home.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching him.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.
After reading Tom's forum post, Mary resisted the impulse to post a crude reply.
We interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin.
We used to discuss everything and now we can't talk about anything.
The government's new economic plan leaves much to be desired.
Some people speak from experience, and some people, from experience, don't speak.
Don't worry, Mom. He isn't particular about food. He eats anything.
Tom told Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to help.
Tom's impeccable manners made a big impression on Mary's parents.
Don't worry. He may look intimidating at first glance, but he's actually a very friendly person.
Tom found out that life on the road wasn't as easy as he thought it would be.
Tom and Mary exchange more than 200 text messages every day.
It didn't take Tom long to realize he wasn't welcome there.
Do you prefer subtitled or dubbed TV shows?
Tom should've given Mary flowers or something on Valentine's Day.
I should've said something before, but I was afraid you'd get angry.
I should've said something before, but I was afraid you'd get angry.
I should've said something before, but I was afraid you'd get angry.
Maybe you should've thought of that before you did what you did.
We should've let the police handle the problem.
We should've realized that Tom needed our help.
You really should've been more clear about what you wanted.
All you have to do to pass the entrance examination is to read this book.
All you have to do to pass the entrance examination is to read this book.
I should've told you that you didn't need to buy any more sugar.
I should've told you that you didn't need to buy any more sugar.
I think each of us should give Tom something for his birthday, something home-made!
It's on this point that our opinions differ.
It's on this point that our opinions differ.
The results of the competition will be announced in a few moments.
If Tom had made that investment, he'd be a billionaire today.
What we know of health we have learned from the study of disease.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew who John hoped would win the election.
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.
What if what Tom does isn't good enough? What'll we do then?
They say that the Vikings discovered America before Columbus.
It's no secret that Tom doesn't agree with you.
We all hope that this cease-fire will make for world peace.
I don't think married people should have secrets from each other.
Tom walked past the three policemen who were standing on the corner.
Tom put the twenty-dollar bill that Mary gave him in his shirt pocket.
Tom and his friends walked down the street, singing a song.
U.S.S.R. stands for the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
It'll take Tom some time, but eventually he'll get over Mary.
His younger brother went to Shanghai the day before yesterday.
Tom wondered if Mary would like the gift he bought her.
You learn more from trying to repair a TV than from watching one.
If you're so demanding of others, you should also be demanding of yourself.
If you're so demanding of others, you should also be demanding of yourself.
If you're so demanding of others, you should also be demanding of yourself.
The flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green.
Even though Tom has never even tried eating one, he says he doesn't like kiwifruit.
My love for you won't let me tell you everything. Some things are better left unsaid.
It won't be long before everything is ready.
The man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly.
Why don't you sing?
I imagine that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
The population of this town has been static for the last ten years.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
If you memorize 5 English words a day, you'll be able to memorize 1,825 words in a year and 182,620 words in 100 years.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
There are a lot of people and cars in this city. It is a busy city.
How many times a week do they collect garbage in this town?
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to put her suitcases.
Tom noticed that that man talking to Mary had a finger missing.
This area was first settled by the Dutch more than two hundred years ago.
The British Parliament is divided into the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
The British Parliament is divided into the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
It's great to see you're having so much fun.
It's not a good idea to pick up hitchhikers.
Tom is a good employee. He gets things done quickly and efficiently.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.
I'll be here all morning if anyone needs me.
It was hard for Tom to keep a straight face.
Don't you think it's still a little too early to talk to Tom about this?
Don't you think it's still a little too early to talk to Tom about this?
Don't you think it's still a little too early to talk to Tom about this?
Unemployment in this part of the country is virtually nonexistent.
We must pay attention to the fact that no nation claimed sovereignty over this region.
I know it's hard to find the time, but could you proofread this for me before next Monday?
Tom pulled out his keys, but then noticed that the door had already been unlocked.
Tom has promised to pay us an extra $3,000 if we finish the job by next Monday.
Tom pulled into his garage, turned off the engine, and then got out of the car.
Tom walked out of the restaurant just in time to see his car being towed away.
The bathroom in Tom's new house is twice as large as the one in his old house.
Tom and Mary started kissing each other as soon as the light was turned off.
We had to get something to eat so we stopped at a restaurant near the exit.
Tom pulled out his keys, but then he noticed the door was already unlocked.
The most logical place to keep your spare tire is in the trunk of your car.
It's not uncommon for students to not study until the night before a test.
Tom pressed a button, but nothing happened, so he pressed another button.
Tom always seems to be very busy and doesn't seem to have much free time.
Tom always seems to be very busy and doesn't seem to have much free time.
Tom took off his pants and carefully hung them over the back of a chair.
Tom and Mary saw themselves in the mirror that was hanging on the wall.
Squirrels eat seeds and nuts, as well as insects and mushrooms.
The forest is home to many different kinds of plants and animals.
I don't know what this word means. I'll look it up in the dictionary.
Riding a bike that doesn't have brakes is a pretty stupid thing to do.
I'll take my passport with me, just in case.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
You must not forget to check your paper before you hand it in.
I don't know how I managed to do that. The main thing is that I was able to do it at all.
She's seventeen.
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right now.
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor and cared for the sick.
How many students have been admitted to the school this year?
Tom asked Mary some questions that she couldn't answer.
Since in this organization they're all chiefs and no Indians, it's a wonder any decisions get made.
Do you think that it's wrong to date a guy who's 8 years older than you?
That girl couldn't take things down in longhand, let alone shorthand.
I don't need you to remind me of anything. I know what I'm supposed to do.
I don't need you to remind me of anything. I know what I'm supposed to do.
Go to sleep, Tom. You need to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Go to sleep, Tom. You need to wake up early tomorrow morning.
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.
Tom took his glasses off and put them on the bedside table.
I need another can of paint to finish painting the ceiling.
I need another can of paint to finish painting the ceiling.
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.
Tom and Mary haven't gone swimming together in a long time.
Tom and Mary haven't gone swimming together in a long time.
Tom and Mary seem to be having a very serious conversation.
Tom doesn't know if he can do what you're asking him to do.
Tom fired his revolver at the man who had just killed Mary.
Tom knew it was a possibility that Mary would show up late.
Tom paid for the shirt and the salesgirl put it into a bag.
Tom said he saw a shark the other day when he was swimming.
Tom waited for three hours, but nobody came to pick him up.
Tom walked through the revolving door into the hotel lobby.
Tom walked through the revolving door into the hotel lobby.
Tom was about to say something to Mary when his phone rang.
Would you and your friends like to play basketball with us?
Would you and your friends like to play basketball with us?
I'll probably be back in Boston a couple of times next year.
If you hadn't interfered, we wouldn't have had any problems.
There's a woman waiting over there who wants to talk to you.
There's a woman waiting over there who wants to talk to you.
Tom always checks the caller ID before he answers his phone.
Tom always checks the caller ID before he answers his phone.
Tom and I used to hang out together when we were in college.
Tom and Mary are sitting on the porch talking to each other.
Tom and Mary went to a very expensive restaurant for dinner.
Tom closed his eyes for a moment and considered his options.
Tom opened the refrigerator and took out one of the bottles.
Tom opened the trunk of his car and took out the spare tire.
Tom picked up his coffee cup and started drinking out of it.
Tom pulled out an old shoebox from his closet and opened it.
Tom stopped in front of Mary's house and got out of his car.
Unfortunately, I believed all the lies that Tom was telling.
We know that you lied to us the last time we spoke together.
You'd better be very sure before you accuse Tom of anything.
I never told Tom or anyone else about what happened that day.
It was hard for me to sell my guitar, but I needed the money.
It's likely Tom and Mary will get married in the near future.
Tom and Mary don't have the time or the money to take a trip.
Tom and Mary got up from their seats and headed for the door.
Tom and Mary have lived in this neighborhood for a long time.
Tom and Mary haven't decided on a date for their wedding yet.
Tom and Mary know each other, but they're not really friends.
Tom and Mary spent the evening talking about John's problems.
Tom and Mary talked about what they should do with the money.
Tom and Mary were worried about getting caught by the police.
Tom asked Mary some questions that she didn't want to answer.
Tom didn't just sprain his ankle. He broke three of his toes.
Tom doesn't do anything without first asking Mary if it's OK.
Tom walked into his apartment and closed the door behind him.
Tom walked into the living room with two drinks in his hands.
Tom was surprised that Mary already knew about what happened.
Tom was watching TV in his underwear when I entered the room.
Tom won't be able to do anything about the problem this week.
We need to know everything that you know about the situation.
We need to know everything that you know about the situation.
You were in prison, so I had to raise our children by myself.
Do you know what happens to people that do that kind of thing?
I hope you're not planning on wearing that dress to the party.
If Tom had been careful, this accident wouldn't have happened.
Is anyone here interested in going to the supermarket with me?
Tom and Mary have been studying French together all afternoon.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told anyone they plan to get married.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told anyone they plan to get married.
Tom and Mary looked embarrassed when John caught them kissing.
Tom got up and walked into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
Tom has some very important things he needs to do before 2:30.
Tom has some very important things he needs to do before 2:30.
Tom opened his briefcase and pulled out a couple of documents.
Tom opened the door and listened before he decided to walk in.
Tom pulled something out of his pocket and put it on his desk.
Tom says he knows something about Mary that we don't know yet.
Tom wants to ask you why you weren't at the meeting last week.
Tom wants to ask you why you weren't at the meeting last week.
Tom wants to change out of his wet clothes into something dry.
Tom was standing in front of the grill wearing a cook's apron.
You must not smoke.
You must not smoke.
You must not smoke.
Last summer, I finally left the firm that I had joined twelve years before.
You seem to have made considerable progress since I saw you last.
You seem to have made considerable progress since I saw you last.
You seem to have made considerable progress since I saw you last.
The other day I ran out of gas in the middle of a busy Interstate.
Tom and Mary looked embarrassed when John caught them kissing.
Tom was with me in my apartment at the time Mary was murdered.
Tom waters his lawn at least once a week when there's no rain.
I know how difficult it is for you to admit that you are wrong.
I know how difficult it is for you to admit that you are wrong.
I know how difficult it is for you to admit that you are wrong.
I'll be going on a picnic with Tom and his family next weekend.
Tom and Mary were sitting across the table from John and Alice.
Tom pointed to a word on the sign and asked Mary what it meant.
Tom sat down next to Mary and they began talking to each other.
Tom says Mary doesn't have to stay here if she doesn't want to.
Tom sensed someone was behind him and turned to see who it was.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid she would say no.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid she would say no.
Tom and Mary stopped talking as soon as John came into the room.
Tom and Mary stopped talking as soon as John came into the room.
Tom and Mary were sure they could do what John asked them to do.
Tom got off the elevator and walked down the hall to his office.
Tom had his headphones on so he didn't hear Mary enter the room.
Tom wasn't sure whether to press the red button or the blue one.
You could've won the race if you'd run just a little bit faster.
You have never said hello to me in all the years I've known you.
One of the men asked me to show him the way to the train station.
The bartender came out from behind the counter to stop the fight.
Tom and Mary started dancing as soon as the band started playing.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she didn't answer any of them.
Tom must be a good teacher. All of his students seem to like him.
Tom wanted to take a picture of Mary, but she didn't want him to.
You were always good at getting Tom to do what you wanted him to.
If Tom said three hundred dollars, he meant three hundred dollars.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Boston.
Tom closed his eyes as the nurse inserted the needle into his arm.
Tom heard a noise behind him and turned around to see what it was.
Tom held out his empty glass and Mary filled it with orange juice.
Tom is in the same room where he was the last time he stayed here.
Tom walked down the pier toward his boat, carrying three harpoons.
You always say that you'll take out the garbage, but you never do.
Tom and Mary started talking as soon as they both entered the room.
Tom cut Mary off before she could say anything about what happened.
Tom and Mary stayed married even though they didn't like each other.
Tom had so much he wanted to say, but not enough time to say it all.
Tom noticed something on the floor and bent down to see what it was.
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it.
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it.
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my things.
Tom walked up to the beautiful girl and asked her what her name was.
Mary was still wearing a nightgown when Tom got to her house at noon.
That's the oldest trick in the book. I can't believe you fell for it.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have enough time to get everything done.
Tom has so many friends that he can't remember all their names.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year.
Even though Tom and Mary didn't like each other at first, they eventually became good friends.
Tom watched very closely, but couldn't figure out the magician's trick.
Tom asked Mary some very personal questions that she refused to answer.
Tom wanted to play poker with us, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom told the men sitting around the table that he'd never played poker before.
Let's play another hand of poker. I want a chance to win my money back.
I can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees.
Would that be wise?
If I remember correctly, Tom sold his car to Mary for just 500 dollars.
We cannot finish it before Saturday even if everything goes well.
If you trust such a fellow, you'll lose everything you have.
If you trust such a fellow, you'll lose everything you have.
If you trust such a fellow, you'll lose everything you have.
Taking everything into consideration, the result is better than I expected.
Please send my mail to me in care of my father's office in Tokyo.
Please send my mail to me in care of my father's office in Tokyo.
Everything was covered with snow as far as the eye could see.
I cannot tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
I cannot tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
I cannot tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
I was interested in him because his paintings really impressed me.
Tom says he can't remember what he and Mary were talking about at that time.
I must have tried on everything in the shop, but nothing looked right on me.
Take this folding umbrella with you. It might come in handy.
Take this folding umbrella with you. It might come in handy.
Tom has done everything we've asked him to do without complaining.
Carrots are good for the eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses on?
First we have to carry the barbecue from the cellar out into the garden.
Tom switched his phone to manner mode before he walked into Mary's office.
Nothing is as dangerous to you as flattery. You know that she's lying and yet you believe her.
Even though we disagree on many things, there are some things we agree on.
It was too late to help Tom. All the doctor could do was to pronounce him dead.
Would you like a glass of orange juice with your breakfast?
Mary was amazed at how precisely Tom sensed how she was feeling.
"And what's in the building on the other side of the yard?" "There are stables on the ground floor and haylofts above them."
You know more than I do about German customs and traditions.
"Tom, do you have school today?" "No, classes were canceled because of the typhoon."
Tom took his finger off the trigger and put his pistol back in its holster.
I've got nothing against waiting, but after two hours I'm beginning to feel a bit impatient.
Modern man looks on money as a means to getting more money.
Our house is a historic building and is listed as a protected monument.
You'll have to wear warm clothes, otherwise you'll catch a cold.
Everything happened very quickly and it was all very strange.
That's a delicate problem.
This book is written in such easy English that even beginners can understand it.
I understand you are going to spend your vacation in New Zealand.
I want to buy this material for a new dress. How much does it cost?
This policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business.
I can't stand it here any longer. I need a change of scenery.
When asked what separates American men from European men, Zsa Zsa Gabor replied, "The Atlantic Ocean, darling."
"It's beautiful here," he said, "but I'm so tired I can hardly keep my eyes open. I'm going to get some sleep."
It's a terrible shame that fools are so self-confident and the wise are full of doubt.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
I'll probably come back here again tomorrow.
A pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines.
There is nothing in the world from which we can't learn something.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
The newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers.
If you will not be available at the new time, please let us know.
It is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale.
"Where did you two meet?" "We met on a trip through the Carpathians, and we immediately fell in love with each other."
The blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin.
The restaurant was fairly empty, so I could read in peace while I ate.
You're not expected to do anything we wouldn't do ourselves.
We're expecting about 3,000 people to come to our concert in the park.
You're not expected to do anything we wouldn't do ourselves.
You're not expected to do anything we wouldn't do ourselves.
Why don't you try this jacket on? It looks nice with your trousers.
Why don't you try this jacket on? It looks nice with your trousers.
What Tom thought was a harmless joke, soon became deadly serious.
Tom said he wanted to be alone, and then went up to his room.
"Mary earns ten times as much as I do," complained Tom "and yet she expects me to pay half of the household expenses."
Legendary American singer Lou Reed has died at the age of seventy-one.
Thanks for the correction.
Do you want to give up now after all the time we've put into this?
In both appearance and personality, Tom is exactly like his father.
I never see a library without wishing I had time to go there and stay till I had read everything in it.
I suddenly felt the urge to jump off the bridge into the river.
Tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was Mary.
I don't want to butt in all the time when the two of them are fighting.
The house is very old. It needs renovating before you sell it.
Tom made himself a cup of hot chocolate, but didn't have time to drink it.
Tom is now working for a secret service agency. However, he can't say which one, because that must remain a secret.
I ought to have enough money saved up to buy a car by Christmas.
This novel describes the life of the Japanese as it was a hundred years ago.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
These girls are more charming than the ones I met yesterday.
To get a table at Tom's Tavern, you have to make reservations weeks in advance.
Tom's family often runs out of food near the end of the month.
Don't put so much on your plate! You can always have seconds.
Esperanto, Ido, Interlingua, Klingon, Lojban, Na'vi and Volapük are constructed languages.
The document clearly spells out the correct procedure for dealing with complaints.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.
Recently I have been feeling a little tired, so I have not gone swimming this week.
Tom wouldn't have known how to do that if Mary hadn't shown him how.
God must love the rich or he wouldn't divide so much among so few of them.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
Tom was sentenced to fifteen years in jail for being an accessory to murder.
Everyone's got a reason to celebrate the beginning of the new year. They all survived the old one.
He was pressed for time, so he only skimmed through the morning paper before rushing out the door.
"I can't bear to be doing nothing!" you often hear people say.
"Perhaps we'd better not tell Tom anything about today." "I agree."
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
This custom has become firmly established among the Japanese.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
There are big fines for talking on a hand-held mobile phone while driving.
We are good friends now, but we didn't like each other at first.
This kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life.
This kind of music is something that older people have difficulty understanding.
He said to himself, "Will this operation result in success?"
Don't forget to mail this letter first thing in the morning.
It sure is cold today.
Thousands of perfectly healthy greyhounds, which have been found unsuitable for racing, are euthanased every year.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
Tom and Mary rearranged the furniture in their living room.
Tom thinks that he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend.
This letter is too long to have it translated at a reasonable price.
Tom is very squeamish and passes out at the sight of blood.
Tom was very squeamish and would pass out at the sight of blood.
"Where are my glasses?" "You left them on the kitchen table."
Tom loved to sing, but nobody wanted to listen to his singing.
Isn't there something you want to say to me?
Isn't there something you want to say to me?
Isn't there something you want to say to me?
I'll give you another chance if you want it.
I'll give you another chance if you want it.
I'll even buy you a new car if you want one.
I'll even buy you a new car if you want one.
It only happened once.
Tom sat alone at the table with a half-empty bottle of wine.
I'm glad you enjoy skiing, but I guess it's just not my cup of tea.
This handmade Italian-made titanium bicycle is terribly light.
I'm meeting Tom for dinner. Do want to come?
I'm meeting Tom for dinner. Do want to come?
I'm meeting Tom for dinner. Do want to come?
I'm certain Tom will want to speak with you.
I'd like you to attend the meeting tomorrow.
I'd like you to attend the meeting tomorrow.
I'd like you to attend the meeting tomorrow.
I'd like to thank all our guests for coming.
I'd like to go with you, but I really can't.
The government is being urged to take a proactive approach to reducing carbon emissions.
From the moment Mary became the boss, she made herself very unpopular with her subordinates.
Tom always has trouble sleeping the night before a big exam.
At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
There is some evidence that taking several fish oil capsules per day could have beneficial effects on one's heart and blood pressure.
Someone who doesn't drink in company is either a thief or a spy.
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.
Limited research suggests that listening to music can benefit people who have Alzheimer's disease in various ways.
I don't know who invented the dictionary. Was it a Sumerian? Was it a Chinese? I know one thing though, the dictionary is a wonderful invention.
What we are seeing now is a country teetering on the brink of civil war.
One surefire way for money to provide happiness appears to be to spend it on other people.
Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months and, before we knew it, another year had passed.
If you keep spending money like that, you'll be broke before you know it.
If you keep spending money like that, you'll be broke before you know it.
Over 4 million Australians communicate in a language other than English.
There are heavy fines for parking in a disabled zone without a permit.
The Indonesian government is very unhappy at reports that Australian diplomats have been tapping their telephone calls, cables and other communications.
Tom attended high school for three years without missing a single day or ever being late.
Tom lost the sight in one of his eyes in a traffic accident.
Forest conservation is an important issue all over the world.
I intended to go straight back home, but I sort of wandered inside a bookstore.
The wizened, old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic.
"Have you ever had genuine Hungarian goulash?" "No, but I'd really like to."
I took advantage of my business trip to see the sights of Paris.
She sleeps on her stomach.
He had to learn to accept that failures were necessary milestones on the road to success.
He just wants to impress us with his macho attitude and show us what a great guy he is.
I cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I never see this picture without being reminded of my childhood.
I've been back for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
Take off your wet clothes.
Tom got on the elevator and pressed the button for the third floor.
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
This dictionary is primarily intended for high school students.
It's a bit cold, but it probably isn't worth putting the heater on yet.
The Kelpie, an Australian sheep dog, is an excellent working dog and can muster large numbers of sheep with little or no command guidance.
This bicycle has been left here since the beginning of this month.
I will see you on next Tuesday, that is to say, the 10th of September.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
Are you able to grant us a special discount of 5% for 50 sets of the product?
He who seeks wisdom is a wise man, he who thinks he's found it is a fool.
When Tom was walking down the street at night, a man he didn't know threatened him with a knife and robbed him of his cash.
If Tom had had enough money, he would have gone to Boston with Mary.
Check your car before you drive to make sure that your lights are working.
Check your car before you drive to make sure that your lights are working.
Check your car before you drive to make sure that your lights are working.
My breakfast usually consists of coffee with milk, a piece of bread and jam, a small banana, a piece of orange and some dried plums.
It's a story about a man who dies without ever finding true love.
Tom is looking for someone to help him translate a document from French into English.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
A new study shows that everything we thought we knew up to now, is wrong.
Until the teacher appeared, the children were running amok in the classroom.
Tom looked so contrite that for a moment Mary nearly believed that he really was sorry for what he had said.
Not only does Tom play the harmonica, he plays the guitar, too.
The policeman aimed his gun at Tom and yelled, "Hold it right there!"
Tom has no idea what to do with all the junk in his garage.
"Now and then I think of divorcing him." "You must be kidding!"
"Now and then I think of divorcing him." "You must be kidding!"
I've got a squeaking noise in my brand new car, and do you think I can find where it's coming from?
That could've gone better.
Thanks for doing all this.
British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was forced to resign.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
About 65% of American adults are overweight, which isn't good for their health.
When Tom told Mary to feel right at home, he was secretly hoping that she'd go and wash up the dishes in the kitchen.
Tom could barely make ends meet when he was in his early twenties.
Tom decided to say nothing until everyone else had given their opinions.
"Just close your eyes," whispered Tom, and when Mary closed her eyes, he kissed her softly on the lips.
The police caught the suicide bomber before he could detonate his bomb.
Tom speaks several languages fluently, but for his job, he only translates into his native language.
There's a lot of traffic on the roads around this time of the day.
It's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
The usual business hours in this office are from nine to five.
The drunk driver took the turn too fast, lost control of his car, and sideswiped six parked cars.
I just want to make sure you live up to your end of the bargain.
Why do humans smile? This is a very difficult question to answer.
You need a holiday.
A teacher should never laugh at a student who makes a mistake.
The firemen were prevented from reaching the woman trapped in her house, because of the huge pile of junk she had accumulated over many years.
Nature endowed her with both a sound mind and a sound body.
It hurt so much I could have screamed, but I gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain.
Tom showed no consideration whatsoever for Mary's feelings.
I was supposed to do a course on how to avoid procrastination, but I kept putting it off.
I bet we've all asked ourselves that same question more than once.
We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
Two young men have been killed by tiger sharks on Australian beaches in the past two weeks.
A friend of mine is looking for someone who can speak French.
Millions of people across the world are mourning the death of Nelson Mandela.
Tom reached in his pocket, pulled out some matches, struck one, and then lit the campfire.
In the light of this fact, it is clear that he is innocent.
This accident resulted from the carelessness of the driver.
I remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday.
It would be nice if Tom didn't keep making unnecessary remarks.
I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. I don't feel like participating in this discussion.
Would you mind explaining that once more in a little more detail?
Her sister I like very much, but her brother I do not like.
A good many of the pictures on exhibition were sold on the opening day.
Upon arriving home, he immediately set about preparing a meal.
By the time you get home, all the cherry blossoms will have fallen.
The government was obliged to make changes in its foreign policy.
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.
These two years were completely pointless. It seems to me that I haven't matured one bit since I've been at the university.
We need to work together in order to make the world a better place.
The robots never get sick or complain and they can work 24 hours a day.
When I get the milk out of the fridge, I close the fridge door by giving it a shove with my elbow. How do you do it?
"How did you get in here?" "I climbed in through the window."
"Is it OK to eat this mushroom?" "It's OK to eat anything once."
A good sailor only requires a short time to get his sea legs.
Why did I buy flowers? Why are you asking me such a question? I just bought them because I wanted to.
When we have a family argument, my husband always sides with his mother instead of me.
Don't compare yourself with your brother because he's a better man than you.
Tom can't stand the hot and muggy summers here, so he heads for the mountains.
The owner of the small dog gripped its neck and scolded it.
I barely had time to finish this report before the meeting.
Tom grew a beard because he thought that all wise men had beards.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter, and expected nothing in return.
Lake Titicaca, the biggest lake in South America, is in Peru.
Would you like to come over for dinner after work on Monday?
Would you have some time on Monday to come over and help me move my piano?
Some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing.
Tom began to undress, but then noticed that the curtain was open, so he went over to close it.
I ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day.
Tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty-four year old dentist.
When Tom reached the front door, he noticed it was slightly open.
Tom kissed Mary while John and Alice were looking the other way.
You want to grow up to be big and strong like Tom, don't you?
She did not decide to be a singer until she reached the age of twenty.
Tom and Mary were still sleeping when John left for school.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
Tom used his secluded cabin in the woods as a getaway from his hectic life as a company director.
The girl with whom he fell in love left him after a few months.
Yesterday I saw a girl whom I had met in the library a month before.
During his administration a great many new laws were passed.
I have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks on my to-do list today.
The bad thing about inferiority complexes is that the wrong people have them.
All economic problems would be solved, if they made complacency taxable.
Don't punish him for breaking the window. He is not to blame.
The moment she arrived at the station, she phoned her mother.
Usually before a concert there is an announcement asking the audience to either turn off their phones or switch them to manner mode.
Dr. Smith gave me some meds to calm down, but I didn't take them.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Don't bother waking me up at 4:00 a.m. I don't plan to go fishing tomorrow.
If we don't receive Tom's reply within the next three days, I think we should write him again.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
It's dangerous to perform this acrobatic act without a safety net.
It's better to be approximately right than completely wrong.
Most people say that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
This city has been increasing in population year after year.
The mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people's requests.
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
Write the amount on the check in letters as well as figures.
Tom is much shorter and weighs considerably less than Mary.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
Flying in darkness without adequate training is a major cause of light aircraft accidents.
What you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg.
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.
People with low self-esteem tend to interpret everything in a negative way.
Don't underestimate the incredible power of a simple smile and a kind word.
Tom said he thought he knew what the problem was.
Mary's email was very terse and it was clear that she was upset about something.
Smart people can pretend to be dumb. The opposite is more difficult.
Tom set about solving the problem in a systematic and determined way.
Do you need a visa to go to Australia if you have a British passport?
If you are lucky enough to look under 25, please don't be offended if we ask you for ID.
The police commissioner said that he would in no way, shape, or form discuss the details of the matter, as it was the subject of ongoing investigations.
Tom was told he would never amount to anything, and he was desperate to prove them wrong.
Tom was told he would never amount to anything, and he was desperate to prove them wrong.
After the calves are weaned they are moved to the plush river-flats for fattening.
She works here, but her office is actually on the second floor.
Tom is the kind of person who always has to have the last word.
It smells like Tom is wearing the same perfume that Mary is.
I hear my father was as old as I am now when he came up to Tokyo.
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
I think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system.
I've been trying to reach Tom for hours already, but his line is constantly busy.
I didn't know why I wasn't supposed to visit that part of the city.
There's something that I've been wanting to say to you for a long time.
The F1 champion Michael Schumacher sustained a serious head injury.
Tom threw his dirty socks on the pile of clothes in the corner of his room.
A person like Tom has probably never kissed anyone other than his mother.
They say golf is like life, but don't believe them. Golf is more complicated than that.
Tom's happiness means more to me than anything else in the world.
Tom wished he had had the courage to jump into the river and save the baby that had fallen in.
Tom will probably buy his mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Obesity is considered by far the most serious health issue facing the developed world.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would have exploded.
I googled "knife and fork" and "fork and knife" to see which got more results.
You have certain privileges and therefore corresponding responsibilities.
The content of the letter had an interesting effect on my marriage.
The policeman talked to the children in as friendly a manner as he could.
Employers are not required to give their employees paid sick leave.
You deserve better.
You deserve better.
You deserve better.
There's no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
Tom opened the glove compartment and took out a pair of sunglasses.
There are a lot of people who believe that Tom really is a time traveler.
I would like to become a top model and travel all over the world.
I don't think Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I have a nasty feeling that something awful is going to happen.
It seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable.
Last night provided a good opportunity to see a meteor shower.
When Tom lost his job, he couldn't keep up his mortgage repayments and he was threatened with foreclosure.
When Tom lost his job, he couldn't keep up his mortgage repayments and he was threatened with foreclosure.
Latvia has kicked off the new year by becoming a member of the Eurozone, and will thus be the eighteenth member of the zone.
Even though his phone was obviously ringing, Tom left it on the table and didn't answer it.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
I'd like to help, but I've got an important meeting to attend.
Your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
I know that you're the editor of a popular scientific magazine.
The temperature went down to minus ten degrees centigrade last night.
Tom was unlucky to be in the bank when the holdup took place.
Someone tried to kill me.
People used to think that women who looked odd were witches.
We can do nothing but wait for a while until the seats are available.
Tom can't buy what he wants to buy because he doesn't have enough money.
Tom's mobile phone fell out of his pocket into the pool when he leaned over to check the water level.
I never thought that they would like their teacher so much.
She was blinded by the glare of headlights and could not avoid the accident.
Music festival goers were met at the entrance by police sniffer dogs, resulting in over one hundred arrests for drug possession.
The Jordan River is the only river flowing into the Dead Sea.
The Jordan River is the only river flowing into the Dead Sea.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
If I'd known Tom was going to be in Boston, I'd have told you.
Mary is a very beautiful woman. On a scale of one to ten, she's an eleven.
Tom has finally returned to Boston after living in Chicago for three years.
Mary's phone was confiscated because she was caught texting during class.
One thing I've always wanted to do is run my own restaurant.
I'm not a child. Don't talk to me like I am.
Tom sat alone at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of coffee.
Mary resembles her mother in looks, but not in personality.
I'd like to visit Boston at least one more time before I die.
If you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please press three.
If you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please press three.
I want to go to Boston at least one more time before I die.
In his opinion, the time will come soon when people will suffer from a water shortage.
Tom is better prepared this time, so he should be able to do it.
I promised my parents I would visit them at least once every three months.
I promised my parents I would visit them at least once every three months.
Mary never leaves her house without first putting on makeup.
Mary never leaves her house without first putting on makeup.
The hill on which my house stands commands a full view of the city.
You should stockpile necessary supplies in case of a big earthquake.
The only restaurant that Tom really likes is the one across the street.
German forces attacked British soldiers near Amiens, France.
Whenever my uncle comes, he brings some nice things for us.
Tom seems to have a lot of fun trying to cause as much trouble as he can.
The astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle.
The only reason Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
You should try to find somebody closer to your own age to date.
You should try to find somebody closer to your own age to date.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to see his driver's license.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were planning to live in Boston.
There are plenty of places around here for someone to hide.
The best way to learn French is to live in a French-speaking country.
I spent three weeks in this hospital when I was thirteen years old.
Culture is what remains after one has forgotten all the things one has learned.
I don't know where I put my keys, but I left them in here somewhere.
The only time Tom seems to be happy is when he's with Mary.
I've got a feeling Tom doesn't really know how to speak French.
You can't just come in here and start ordering people around.
It is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour.
She intended to go shopping with her mother, but her mother was busy.
She intended to go shopping with her mother, but her mother was busy.
Two years ago Tom and Mary split up, but recently they got together again.
My French got better after I got married to a native French speaker.
Tom and Mary are planning to have a house built after they have their first child.
We often fail to realize the extent to which we depend on others.
It wasn't a coincidence.
If you are caught cheating, you'll be expelled from school.
I have less than an hour left until I have to tell Tom my decision.
After it rains and the ground is damp, it's easier to pull weeds.
You should make sure that you get there on time. Tom won't wait more than ten minutes if you are late.
That was never my problem.
Tom was wearing black leather pants and a black leather jacket.
Please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address.
"Unfortunately the frankfurters split open when I was boiling them." "It doesn't matter, Tom. They still taste good."
When you've finished reading the book, I'd like to borrow it.
Men aren't usually as interested in figure skating as women are.
A definite advantage of automatic doors is that people can't spread their contagious diseases by touching door handles.
You don't scare me.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand up the whole trip.
Tom and Mary reminisced about the night they met all those years ago.
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary.
If Mary's mother hadn't meddled in their marriage, Tom and Mary might still be together.
You could tell by the look on Tom's face that he was lying.
You can tell a lot about a person by the state of their garden.
Tom suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and is plagued by nightmares.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
I don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started to run.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand up the whole trip.
Mary was a difficult child, but she has matured into a beautiful young woman.
The guys hanging out in front of that store know I'm a cop.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in German.
Gerhard Schroeder is the first German chancellor not to have lived through World War II.
Tom is a little unusual in that he doesn't drink tea, coffee or beer.
I had planned to stop at the supermarket on the way home, but it was closed.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble paying all my bills.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble making ends meet.
In those days, I made it a point to take a walk before breakfast.
Flattery is like counterfeit money; it makes the one who receives it, poorer.
When I have to choose between two evils, then I prefer to take the one that I haven't already tried.
Tom said he didn't have time to read the newspaper this morning.
I don't like the smell of the perfume Mary is wearing today.
Tom and Mary have gone swimming together a number of times.
Even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day.
Tom always listens to the news on the radio while he's eating breakfast.
I'm ashamed that my son is such a lazybones.
He studies harder than any other student does in his class.
I think the jokes that Tom tells are funnier than the ones Mary tells.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.
If he doesn't want to marry you, why did he get engaged to you?
Quantum physics is too difficult for a mere mortal to understand.
I won't be pressured into doing something I don't want to do.
Men of the rank of captain and below live in this building.
Tom will make fewer mistakes once he gets to know the ropes.
Tom got paint on his shirt while he was painting the fence.
I think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
If it were not for examinations, our school life would be happier.
Tom isn't the kind of person who is intimidated by anyone or anything.
Tom eats tofu quite often because he heard that it was healthy.
He looked just like his picture on the wall of the theater.
Some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear, others are just a dim memory.
I'm sorry if this comes as a shock, but I don't care what you think.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
If he had come five minutes later, he would have missed the train.
I'm sure Tom told you Mary wanted to come to the party, too.
The children competed with each other for their mother's attention.
I would never have believed that such a thing could ever happen to me.
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.
Your computer will restart several times during installation.
As to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
This morning he said that he is leaving for Nara tomorrow.
In countries like Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
Tom gave Mary some advice on how to pass multiple-choice tests.
Tom didn't break his new shoes in enough before the marathon, and got bad blisters on his feet.
Tom asked Mary to listen carefully to everything John said.
Tom asked Mary to listen carefully to everything John said.
I ran as fast as possible, but I was not in time for the last train.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Tom doesn't like swimming in this river. He says it's too polluted.
Maybe you should ask around and see what other people think.
Maybe you should ask around and see what other people think.
Isn't it a pity that Tom and Mary can't get along with each other?
He said they wanted to fight until every black man was free.
Gusty winds are making travel hazardous for high profile vehicles.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
I considered changing my job, but in the end I decided not to.
Tom threw rocks at Mary's window in the middle of the night to get her attention, but he ended up breaking her window instead and Mary's father called the cops.
"Are scientists close to cloning a human being?" "Not by a long shot."
He who reads often and walks often, sees much and knows much.
If you want more details about that, you'll have to ask my boss.
Tom and Mary were speaking to each other in a language I didn't recognize.
Tom was trying to tell Mary something important, but she wasn't listening.
Tom was trying to tell Mary something important, but she wasn't listening.
I can't count the number of times Tom has complained about that.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to love him as much as he loved her.
"How long are you staying?" "I'm staying for a month."
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.
You were right about several things. However, you made a few errors.
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary.
Tom fell heavily and hit his head on a rock, causing life-threatening injuries.
Tom doesn't drink much beer, but he sure drinks a lot of wine.
Are you telling me you don't know how to cook hard-boiled eggs?
No news is good news. If you haven't heard from your son it's because he's doing well.
They say that a person who has perfect pitch can tell just by listening what pitch a note is.
The Battle of San Jacinto began at four o'clock in the afternoon.
What happened was worse than anything Tom had imagined would happen.
Tom and three other crew members were injured in the accident.
Think very carefully of all the implications, before you make your decision.
Tom and Mary had a romantic dinner to celebrate the first anniversary of their being together.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
The teachers could not decide where to build the new schoolhouse.
I've heard that in Germany beer is cheaper than water. Is that true?
I gave Tom my word that I wouldn't talk to Mary about that.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
I have better things to do than sit around all day waiting for Tom.
"How many push-ups can you do, Tom?" "I used to be able to do a hundred easily, but I wonder how many I can do now. Maybe 50 or so?"
Nothing is as difficult as coming up with a simple explanation for something difficult.
She looks young, but as a matter of fact she is older than you are.
Tom and Mary booked a room with two beds, but when they arrived at the hotel, there was only one bed.
If you're not out of the shower in five minutes, I'm cutting the hot water!
The X-axis is the horizontal axis and the Y-axis is the vertical axis.
Oslo is the largest city in Norway with a population of 629,313.
You are richer than I am because your pay is double my pay.
Do you know what it means when a man gives a woman expensive jewelry?
Tom realized that Mary wasn't paying attention to what he was saying.
We were all tired, and to make matters worse, it started to rain.
Tom realized that it would be better if he left right away.
You should not despise a man just because he is poorly paid.
Tom looked around and then whispered something into Mary's ear.
The best thing about working in a team is that, when something goes wrong, you can always blame someone else.
Tom and Mary kept their marriage a secret from almost everyone.
Tom's drinking has caused a lot of problems in his marriage.
Tom knew what he was doing was wrong, but he did it anyway.
I could tell by the look on his face that he had come on very important business.
Tom has probably figured out by now that Mary is John's girlfriend.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are going to be married soon.
It's not always easy to tell the difference between good and bad.
The only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job.
I'm already twenty and I have no idea what I want to do with my life.
The days are getting noticeably shorter now that autumn has arrived.
It was only after Tom had been lost for over an hour that he got the map out to see where he was.
Tom and Mary walked into the restaurant and looked around, but couldn't see a free table.
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Tom and Mary's house was broken into in broad daylight, while the family was in the garden.
I've been working with Tom for three months.
I'm going to get myself something to drink. Do you want something, too?
I'm glad to hear that you're getting better.
When Tom entered the room, he saw a large banner that said "Happy Birthday, Tom."
Tom can't tell the difference between cheap and expensive wine.
The cake didn't turn out well because the flour was past its use-by date.
The cake didn't turn out well because the flour was past its use-by date.
Why does Tom do it?
Tom has no intention of doing what Mary told him he has to do.
Tom was reading the sports page when Mary came into the living room.
Tom just sat there, looking at his reflection in the window.
Could you please get the jar of peanut butter from the top shelf for me?
Tom has no intention of doing what Mary told him he has to do.
Mary wrote something in Tom's notebook while he was away from his desk.
Mary's post-operative abdominal pain was caused by the surgeon leaving a surgical instrument inside her.
The flour was past its use-by date, so the cake only rose half as much as it should have.
You must kneel at my feet, kiss my hand and swear that I am an angel.
Mary's post-operative abdominal pain was caused by the surgeon leaving a surgical instrument inside her.
Mary is still as beautiful as she was when she was a teenager.
She answered the telephone as soon as she heard the bell ring.
She said that her husband hit her, but in fact it was the other way around.
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee and a cigarette and watched the world go by.
If you have an indoor swimming pool, you're probably pretty rich.
Tom put down his fork and picked up the drumstick with his fingers.
Tom pushed his plate away and said that he had eaten enough.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, it will go to his head. If you talk to him in his language, it will go to his heart.
Tom's shirt wasn't ironed and he'd forgotten to comb his hair.
The project has to be finished by the end of the week at the latest.
Tom was embarrassed when told he had made a drunken pass at Mary's mother at the party.
When somebody runs a red light, they risk causing an accident.
If you run a red light, you risk causing an accident.
A lot of young people your age are already working and have a family.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
If you don't tell Tom what happened, I will.
A strange man was walking back and forth in front of my house.
Existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account.
We still have some farm equipment that hasn't been used since my grandfather died.
Tom ate part of the ham, and then put the rest into the refrigerator.
Tom and I planted some trees on the south side of the house.
Mary took a picture of herself on her phone and sent it to Tom.
Tom told his commanding officer that he wasn't willing to kill anyone.
I've heard that plants are better adapted to space travel than people are.
I've been drunk before and likely will get drunk many more times.
Language learning software, no matter how nice it looks and works, is only as good as the data it uses.
I found out that Tom now has three citations for drunken driving.
You spend too much time worrying about things that don't matter.
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
Tom runs a small hobby farm on the outskirts of town where he keeps a few sheep and cattle.
The serial killer was cold and distant during his trial, and appeared unaffected by the fact that he had murdered so many people.
I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw the amazing renovations Tom had done on his house.
Tom reached into his pocket, but his car keys weren't there.
The grief-stricken family had to wait more than a decade to see their son's killer brought to justice.
Tom's grandchildren were a source of great pleasure for him.
A plastic bag can take up to a thousand years to disintegrate.
I thought if I broke up with you, I'd never have to see you again.
This English novel is not easy enough for you to read in a week.
I'm glad to see you enjoy your work so much.
I'm glad to see you enjoy your work so much.
I'm glad to see you enjoy your work so much.
I'm impressed with how much you've improved.
I'm impressed with how much you've improved.
I'm impressed with how much you've improved.
No matter where you may travel, be sure to phone me once a week.
Goats do not like getting wet and will seek shelter quicker than sheep and other livestock.
The drunk driver drove his car straight through the wall of the house and into a bedroom.
Who would have thought back then that Tom had only seven years to live?
I studied French when I was seven, but now I only remember a few words.
The picture of Mary that Tom had drawn took John's breath away.
Why do you do that?
Even though the speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Tom has started coughing heavily and I'm worried about his health.
Tom won't care if we don't get there on time as long as we get there.
Learning should not be forced. Learning should be encouraged.
I just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached.
Where's your favorite place to go when you want to be alone?
Where's your favorite place to go when you want to be alone?
Where's your favorite place to go when you want to be alone?
Tom wouldn't have given this to me if it weren't something important.
One of the children is studying, but the others are playing.
Thieves broke into the palace and stole the princess's diamonds.
"Why does Tom call me Mary?" "Isn't your name Mary?" "No, it's Maria."
I find it hard to believe that Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
Have you already decided how you're going to take care of this problem?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
Tom did his utmost to stop his marriage from falling apart.
I'll need at least a day to make the necessary preparations.
Personally, I think that corporal punishment is a necessary evil.
According to the newspaper, the cost of living in Tokyo is the highest in the world.
Tom nearly had a heart attack when he saw Mary standing on the edge of the roof.
If I had enough time, I would talk with you.
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.
Riding your bicycle to work every day should help you get back into shape.
It seemed appropriate.
It seemed appropriate.
You frightened Tom.
Tom looked as if he was about to burst out crying at any time.
Tom, there are a lot of girls that would love to go out with you.
"Have you known Tom for a long time?" "No, I've only just met him."
Satellite imagery is being used in an effort to narrow down the area in the Indian Ocean where floating debris has been observed.
Tom lost so much weight that one of his friends walked straight past him in the street, without recognising him.
It smells like a trap.
Tom's eyes weren't yet accustomed to the dark, so he couldn't see a thing.
He tried with all his might to stretch the bow and shoot the arrow as far as possible.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she wasn't able to answer.
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
Roughly half of America's fruits and vegetables come from California.
Tom has been having the same dream every night for the past six months.
The factory now under construction will assemble 3,000 VCR units per day.
The experiment must succeed. The next chance will only arise in fifty years.
Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it.
I spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio.
Some soft drinks have very high sugar content and can cause obesity and tooth decay if consumed to excess.
We have to use the stairs because the elevator is out of order.
We have to use the stairs because the elevator is out of order.
We have to use the stairs because the elevator is out of order.
Every recycled aluminium can saves enough energy to power a TV for three hours.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I thought I had paid the monthly fee, but I received a phone call from the school saying that the bill still needs to be paid.
My printer is very low on all four ink cartridges, and the quality of the printing is poor.
Tom rang his boss to tell him he wouldn't be coming in today.
When Tom went to the mailbox he found five letters, four of which were bills.
When Tom went to the mailbox he found five letters, four of which were bills.
If you're going to come around later, give me a ring first, so I can make sure I'm home.
Tom is finding his new job very demanding, and he often finds it difficult to find time for his family.
The police received an anonymous tip-off that the bank robbery was an inside job.
Tom's grandmother is quite feeble and needs help with her daily activities.
Tom, your handwriting isn't very good, but it's easy to read.
Tom reached into his desk drawer and took out a medicine bottle.
You're supposed to meet Tom in front of his hotel in about an hour.
It may seem like a good idea to you, but I think it's a little dangerous.
He seems like a respectable businessman, but he's really part of the Mafia.
Some men make the mistake of naming their boats after their girlfriends.
Tom named his boat after his girlfriend, but then she left him.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet for their wedding anniversary.
The refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month.
It's unlikely that Tom will get out of prison anytime soon.
Tom and Mary played in the sandbox together and made sand castles.
Tom has been trying to get Mary to marry him ever since he graduated from high school.
It is not good manners to laugh at someone when he makes mistakes.
It's by no means impossible to earn one million yen a month.
I want to go to Australia once again before my passport expires.
Did you happen to hear what Tom and Mary were talking about?
Did you happen to hear what Tom and Mary were talking about?
Did you happen to hear what Tom and Mary were talking about?
The International Space Station is the largest artificial body in orbit.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet for their wedding anniversary.
Mary was upset when she saw a picture of Tom's ex-girlfriend in his wallet.
Mary was upset when she saw a picture of Tom's ex-girlfriend in his wallet.
A highly skilled shearer can shear a sheep in two to three minutes depending on the size and condition of the sheep.
Tom got all his affairs in order, to make it easier for Mary after his death.
When Tom was working on the dairy farm, he had to get up at five o'clock every morning to go and milk the cows.
Effective communication and mutual respect are essential elements of successful teamwork.
Tom came from a family who didn't talk about their feelings.
The incidence of OCD is greatest among teens and young adults.
Tom moved about the house as quietly as he could so as not to wake Mary and the children.
Tom was a kind and gentle man, well loved by all who knew him.
Even though Tom eats mostly junk food, he rarely gets sick and his BMI is in the normal range.
If I do not get the item this week, I will make a complaint to PayPal.
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money.
Do you remember when Tom and Mary came here for the first time?
I wonder how long it'll take for the mistake to be noticed.
"Would you like to have lunch with us?" "I'd love to, but only if it's no trouble."
She got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
If I'd known as much about it then as I do now, I wouldn't have agreed to do it in the first place.
I've already drunk half a bottle of wine while I was waiting for you.
I can tell by the look on your face that you're not interested.
The stalk is a little bigger around than your little finger.
The city library underwent extensive renovations and can now accommodate twice as many books as before.
During his teens and twenties, Tom was a party animal, but he now lives a sedate life with his wife Mary, and children.
On my way home, I fell asleep on the train and rode past my station.
I didn't know that Tom talked about me like that behind my back.
When Tom visited Mary unannounced, she opened the door with no makeup on and her hair in rollers.
Mary was annoyed when Tom turned up unannounced, because it wasn't a convenient time for her.
When I was a kid, I remember my mother used to stay awake all night waiting for my older brother to come home.
That was your third drink.
That was your third drink.
Any time you want to borrow my car, all you have to do is ask.
Lincoln ordered that all the slaves in the country should be set free.
Mary's washing machine broke down a week after the warranty had run out.
You're not actually suggesting that I go out with another girl, are you?
What I was going to suggest was that Tom go to the supermarket and buy some ice cream.
It may seem like an awful lot of money, but it'll be money well spent.
Tom was just about to go out when he got a phone call, which made him late for his meeting.
Tom didn't have the courage to tell Mary that he had made a mistake.
Whether or not Tom gets the job in Boston is still very much up in the air.
Tom had to tell his brother that he couldn't afford to attend his wedding.
Mary is one of the prettiest girls in the whole school. Despite that, she's never had a boyfriend.
In the park, some sat on benches, and others strolled about.
Are you seriously suggesting that Tom is from another planet?
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
I never suggested or even hinted that it was Tom who stole Mary's necklace.
Where is my wallet? Nevermind! I just found it under the couch.
Tom pilots a helicopter which patrols the city's beaches, searching the waters for sharks.
The door frame is warped and the door won't close properly.
Tom was in a quandary about who to vote for in the election.
Tom was in a quandary about who to vote for in the election.
The burglar gained entry through the front door, which had been left unlocked.
The burglar gained access to the house through an unlocked side window.
The burglar gained access to the house through an unlocked side window.
I hope you don't mind if I can't make it to your party at the weekend.
There was hardly anyone who didn't laugh when the singer fell off the stage.
There was hardly anyone who didn't laugh when the singer fell off the stage.
It had been a long, hard day for Tom, and he fell into bed exhausted.
Tom didn't need to paint the fence. They tore it down a week after he painted it.
The older I get, the more clearly I remember things that never happened.
Tom didn't believe that Mary was capable of doing such a thing.
Tom and Mary decided to split up for a while, so they could each think about whether they wanted to stay together.
I don't have to go to the doctor any more. I'm feeling much better.
You should spend what little time you have left with your friends.
Tom and Mary decided to split up for a while, so they could each think about whether they wanted to stay together.
Corn yields in the U.S. have increased fivefold over the past seventy years, thanks to advances in agricultural technology.
Tom, who was adopted at birth, only met his biological mother for the first time a few weeks ago.
After Tom's house was broken into, the police questioned his neighbors.
Tom's apartment is within walking distance of the train station.
Tom and Mary purchased a small parcel of land on the edge of town, where they plan to grow vegetables.
The burglar gained entry through the front door, which had been left unlocked.
One of your neighbors complained about all the junk in your front yard.
One of my neighbors called and said I left one of my windows open.
My neighbors complained about the noise we made last night.
Tom was the only one there for me when I really needed someone.
Tom put on so much weight that he had to have his pants let out.
The United States Ambassador in Syria left the country for security reasons.
Tom quickly realized that he was different from the other children.
Tom quickly realized that he was different from the other children.
Tom was teased because he looked different from the other children.
Don't worry. I won't let anything stop me from finishing the job.
As soon as Tom laid eyes on Mary, he knew she was the one for him.
I don't enjoy teaching children to swim when their parents are around.
Tell me why you came back.
If what Tom told me is true, then we have nothing to worry about.
That's true too, isn't it?
Is it true Tom is one of your close friends?
That might have been true a long time ago, but it's not true anymore.
I really appreciated what you said at this morning's meeting.
That's what Tom said, too.
Even when you're old and gray, you should be able to enjoy life.
Mary has on the same green dress she was wearing yesterday.
The police caught Tom red-handed, breaking into a house in our neighborhood.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of all the problems he's causing.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he doesn't know how to do it.
There was a yellow school bus parked in front of the fire hydrant.
Tom opened the window even though his mother told him not to.
Tom shared the food that his mother had given him with his friends.
What's wrong, Tom? We've always been able to talk about this kind of thing before.
If you wish to speak to Tom, you'll need to wait about three hours.
If you wish to speak to Tom, you'll need to wait about three hours.
If you wish to speak to Tom, you'll need to wait about three hours.
The last time I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Boston.
Tom thought it would be funny to put an egg on Mary's chair.
The eagle soared majestically above the snow-covered peaks.
I'm sick of eating the same thing every day.
Tom has to stay in the house because he has the chicken pox.
A man was seen acting suspiciously shortly before the explosion.
Tom was on a diet, so all he ate for dessert was one strawberry.
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor and Mary stepped on it.
Tom dipped a strawberry in chocolate and then put it in his mouth.
Perhaps the three most popular ice cream flavors are vanilla, chocolate and strawberry.
Tom wished there was more than just one strawberry in his fruit salad.
That's what I pay you for.
That's what I pay you for.
That's what I pay you for.
The patient was quite beyond help, so that the doctors could do no more.
Tom's parents are very proud of him and all he has achieved.
The piano was invented in the 18th century by Bartolomeo Cristofori.
Tom got off the bus and waited for Mary to come and pick him up.
Tom has lied to me in the past, so I don't trust him anymore.
Tom has finally realized that he's been doing it the wrong way.
Maybe we should wait till everyone gets here before we start.
Tom and his children watched in awe as the magnificent old steam train thundered past.
Our children are anxious to have bicycles like those of the children next door.
Tom can generally be relied on to make good on his promises.
We are all equal before the law, but the rich often have a big advantage.
Tom's mother relies heavily on him to do her shopping and household chores.
Tom described himself in the lonely hearts' column as a dependable, dedicated, God-fearing 40-year-old who was seeking a like-minded female for companionship.
An Earth-like planet, which is believed to have conditions which would support life as we know it, has been discovered 500 light years from earth.
I feel completely restored after a week in the country.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
Tom isn't particularly bothered about what other people think of him.
If by some chance it rains, the garden party won't take place.
Tom worried about whether he had enough money to pay for such a nice meal.
I wonder how Tom will ever manage to pay for such an expensive wedding.
Tom wondered how his ex-wife and her new husband were getting along.
Tom wondered how many minutes it would take him to run to the bus stop.
Tom became bored with teaching and he looked for a new job.
The Allies wasted no time.
Tom and his lawyer left the courtroom together just a few minutes ago.
He pretended to be an Englishman, but his foreign accent gave him away.
He pretended to be an Englishman, but his foreign accent gave him away.
The reason Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
When there's a piano to be moved, don't reach for the stool.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom got arrested from drunken driving.
Though they're twins, they don't have many interests in common.
Both teams are well matched. The game will be an interesting one.
I know her, but I'm not acquainted with the rest of the family.
It's been a very worrying week for Mary, and she's relieved to have it behind her.
Tom wore a neck brace for several months after receiving a whiplash injury in a car accident.
Tom's car was rear-ended and he suffered a whiplash injury.
Tom has been, and still is, a constant source of worry to his parents.
Tom's tired and run down and badly needs a few days off work.
If you'd stop telling me not to be nervous, I probably wouldn't be so nervous.
Tom told Mary that he loved her shoes even though he thought they were ugly.
When I was a college student, I always pulled all-nighters before tests.
At first, I thought it was a stupid idea, but I eventually realized what a good idea it was.
I hope you can avoid making all the stupid mistakes that I made.
Maybe you should apologize for all of the stupid things you did.
I have to go to a stupid party with Tom and his stupid friends.
If it hadn't been for the storm, I would've arrived sooner.
The back of my neck hurts.
That's a dangerous curve. There've been many accidents there.
What you're doing seems way more dangerous than what I'm doing.
Tom Jackson is considered to be one of the most dangerous men in Australia.
Recently, no matter how much I sleep, it never seems to be enough.
I can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
Tom has downloaded a GPS tracking app onto Mary's mobile phone so that he can know where she is at all times.
Tom advised Mary to go to the doctor about her stomach cramps.
Tom spends a lot of time looking for his car keys, mobile phone or glasses.
They are building an apartment building next door, which will ruin our view.
A baby was flung out of its mother's arms when a plane hit severe turbulence while commencing its descent prior to landing.
Tom and Mary haven't had a decent night's sleep since the birth of their baby six months ago.
We have a very good team, so we have every reason to be optimistic.
Tom was about to make the most important phone call of his life.
No matter how close we may be, I can not ask him to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't want to visit the place where her father had committed suicide.
Tom's car stalled when the lights turned green and the car behind ran into the back of him.
You'd better hurry, otherwise you won't get there before dark.
If we don't leave soon, we won't get there while it's still light.
Tom always says the best way to ruin a good cup of coffee is to put cream and sugar in it.
Tom clipped a car while trying to park in a tight spot, causing minor damage.
I'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned.
You look exhausted.
It is usually the islander who sees the mainland most clearly.
Tom had a drunken blackout and can't remember how he got home last night.
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for shoplifting.
Tom received a commendation for bravery for rescuing a woman from a burning house.
Tom got a job commensurate with his training and experience.
Tom's courage in dealing with adversity is an inspiration to those around him.
Put your hand over your mouth when you cough, sneeze or yawn.
Put your hand over your mouth when you cough, sneeze or yawn.
Tom and Mary's little girl is starting to take her first tentative steps.
Where do you think the safest place in your house would be during a tornado?
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
If I remember correctly, you were quite optimistic at that time.
Tom tried to distract the guards so Mary would have a chance to escape.
Tom has an identical twin brother and few people can tell them apart.
I'd like to do it, but unfortunately I don't have the time.
I would never in a million years have expected something like this to happen.
In my opinion, alcohol is not necessarily bad for your health.
You must go now.
Tom waited an hour in the hallway outside Mary's apartment.
Tom got jealous when he saw Mary talking to a handsome guy.
There's no way Tom can save up enough money in one year to buy a house.
If we'd gotten here sooner, we might've been able to save Tom.
The most important thing to do now is for us to remain calm.
It was Tom's turn to cook, but he'd forgotten to buy the ingredients for the dish he wanted to prepare.
It's imperative that you follow the instructions carefully.
Tom likes to be busy and hates sitting around doing nothing.
The project has to be finished by the end of the week at the latest.
I wonder if Tom would be interested in investing in our project.
Tom absconded with millions of dollars from his company and is living a life of luxury on an island in the Mediterranean.
Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
Thanks for coming with me.
Thanks for coming with me.
Thanks for coming with me.
I believe we can make the necessary modifications by tomorrow.
Tom went out for a walk as he always does in the afternoon.
I will have been studying English for five years next February.
How would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural?
How would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural?
Today's Tigers-Giants baseball game was called off due to heavy rain.
I was about to leave home when an old friend of mine dropped in.
It's been almost four years since Tom died in a traffic accident.
Tom told me to tell you that he appreciates everything you've done for him.
It would have been nice if Tom had listened to what I said more carefully.
It's best to discuss relationship issues directly with your partner.
As long as it's not too much of a bother, people like to be nice to other people.
Mary was pleasantly surprised, when she got home from work, to find that Tom had already prepared the evening meal.
Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?
We could've saved Tom if we'd arrived just a few minutes earlier.
You could've saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier.
You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.
Some people believe they can become rich without having to work.
Stop changing the subject.
I didn't know that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
My throat hurts, and I have a fever. Can I have some cold medicine?
Tom took off his coat and hung it on the hook behind the door.
I've never met anyone who knows as much about Australian history as Tom does.
If you listen carefully to my instructions, it'll save you some time.
You could've saved me a trip if you'd just told me I didn't need to be here today.
Tom helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.
The noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors.
She got married soon after her graduation from the college.
This city has been increasing in population year after year.
I can't think of anything I'd rather do than go on a picnic with you.
Since the coat Tom tried on was too small, the clerk gave him another one to try on.
In Japan, people legally become adults at the age of twenty.
Mary started plucking her eyebrows when she was twelve years old.
Tom had one big ambition in life. That was to become a race car driver.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
We're going to a new bar tonight. Do you want to come along?
It's good to try new things once in a while.
I assume you only hire people who speak more than one language.
A clean river flows through our town, and we can see many carp swimming in it.
As is often the case with Americans, he does not care for raw fish.
Tom sustained minor injuries when he was struck by a car on the pedestrian crossing.
Tom was attracted to Mary from the moment he first saw her.
Tom and Mary are deeply religious and are horrified that their son wants to get married on a beach, rather than in a church.
Tom was overwhelmed with nostalgia when he went back to visit his old school fifty years after he had graduated from it.
Today we have more than three times as many vehicles as on the roads in 1950.
Mary likes her coffee steaming hot, while Tom likes his lukewarm.
Tom was from a humble background, but he became one of the richest men in the country.
Tom left step-by-step instructions for the person who would be filling in for him while he was on leave.
If you want to stay at my place when you're in Boston, that's OK.
I couldn't sleep last night, so I decided to watch a horror movie.
Mary looks like her mother, but she has a different personality.
I'll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe.
The old shack seems to have weathered the storm pretty well.
Tom called to say you can't stay with him next week when you visit Boston.
There are two chickens in the backyard and two in the front yard.
I think married people have more problems than single people.
Depression is common among young adults who have Asperger syndrome.
Tell Tom I don't like him.
Would you please stop singing so loudly? This is not a cheap drinking place.
It's freezing in here! Can somebody turn off the air-conditioner?
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've come to visit us.
Tom's father doesn't approve of him having long hair and a beard.
Tom's father doesn't approve of him having long hair and a beard.
Tom spent a very enjoyable hour watching his grandson playing on the equipment at the shopping mall playground.
Isn't it true that you visited her on the night in question?
Isn't it true that you visited her on the night in question?
Tom Jackson's new novel is very well written and I'm sure you'll enjoy reading it.
When I was a kid, there'd be nightly arguments about whose turn it was to wash up.
Tom didn't think that Mary would actually carry out her threat.
Tom doesn't like Mary. However, she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not.
I'm particularly impressed that Tom could remember all of our names.
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
When you said you'd look after Spot, you knew there'd be responsibilities.
Tom wasn't able to provide an alibi so the police arrested him.
Tom wasn't able to provide an alibi so the police arrested him.
Tom is quite absent-minded and sometimes forgets to pick the kids up from school.
Tom's computer crashed and he lost a number of important documents.
Tom was distracted and fidgety and Mary knew there was something bothering him.
Tom gets indigestion and heartburn when he eats too much rich food.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard in a language I didn't know.
There's nothing I'd like more than to spend the afternoon with you.
Tom thought that Mary wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
The train was very crowded so I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
Since the train was very crowded, I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
Tom put all his belongings in boxes and sent them to Boston.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
I haven't really told you anything you shouldn't have already known.
How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?
Were you planning to do something special for Tom's birthday?
I found something out about Tom that I think you should know.
There's nothing you could've done to prevent that from happening.
It was a no-brainer that Tom would renew his contract, given the huge amount of money he was being offered.
Tom rushed home to get his washing off the line before the rain started.
A man I didn't know was walking back and forth in front of my house.
I studied English very hard every day, but I didn't learn a lot.
Tom has been running around the office like a chicken with its head cut off.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew why John had become a policeman.
Tom clicked on the thumbnail so he could see a larger version of the same image.
The handsome young soldier fell in love with a nurse and married her after the war.
I'm going to get you something really great for your birthday.
I haven't yet met anyone I'd want to spend the rest of my life with.
"I was just talking to Tom." "About what?" "About what Mary did."
Your friend from Boston dropped by to visit us this afternoon.
I think I might buy that house on Park Street that's for sale.
I hate it when I have to sit between two fat guys on a plane.
What's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school?
Tom and Mary broke up, so they won't be going to the dance together on Friday.
Tom is more intelligent and sophisticated than most boys his age.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization.
Tom was glad that he'd bought a bottle of wine with a screw cap, since he couldn't find his corkscrew.
I don't want you to think that I'm not happy with your decision.
Tom got the corkscrew out of the drawer and opened the bottle of wine that Mary had brought.
Tom and Mary sat on the couch, flipping through a photo album.
Tom picked up a magazine and started flipping through its pages.
Tom picked up the remote and started flipping through channels.
Tom sat on the sofa, flipping through the pages of a magazine.
Tom was sitting at his desk, flipping through an old photo album.
In poker, three of a kind and one pair is known as a full house.
Tom picked up the five cards he had been dealt and saw that he had a pair of aces and three kings.
Tom stood at the door, flipping the light switch on and off.
There have been a lot of complaints in the last few days about the amount of noise coming from your apartment.
Today, for the first time in a week, Tom was allowed to eat solid food.
Tom checked Mary's pulse and was relieved to find that she was still alive.
My father makes it a rule to get up at six, even in the winter.
The food wasn't very delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
Tom always wanted to be a doctor, but his grades at school weren't quite good enough to get him into medical school.
Tom was furious, but he tempered his language because there were children present.
That was a very sad story.
It's just a matter of time before someone is injured or killed.
My mother suggested that I throw away some of the stuff in my closet.
The cost of building the new hospital was considerably higher than first estimated.
Go ahead!
You go right ahead.
Since Tom was speaking in French, I couldn't understand what he was saying.
After three years of trying to change Tom, Mary realised that he was never going to change.
Even though Tom's in his forties, he still lives at home with his parents.
Tom likes being single because he can do whatever he wants whenever he wants.
You had a long day.
The teacher said that he didn't know the answer to my question.
I still have difficulty in making myself understood in French.
Tom arrived home to find that Mary had packed her things and left.
I can't read the title of the book at the bottom of the stack from this far away.
Tom's a natural when it comes to games involving hand-eye coordination.
Tom's a natural when it comes to games involving hand-eye coordination.
Tom drew the curtains so he couldn't be seen from the street.
The relationship between the two countries has waxed and waned over the years.
Tom bought a new swivel chair to go with his new computer desk.
Tom thought he had plenty of time to catch his plane, but he only just made it by the skin of his teeth.
Tom warned Mary that his mother was a gossip who would repeat anything told to her in confidence.
Drops of water glistened on the leaves of the tree after the brief downpour.
Drops of water glistened on the leaves of the tree after the brief downpour.
Tom's been so busy lately he doesn't know whether he's coming or going.
The bartender came out from behind the counter to stop the fight.
They say they cannot compete with low-priced foreign products.
Tom's compost heap got so hot that it spontaneously combusted.
Ever since Tom changed his mother-in-law's light bulbs, he's been in her good books.
If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I would never have believed it.
Tom will have to undergo several months of rehabilitation after leaving the hospital.
Tom can't remember all his passwords, so he keeps them in a list disguised as phone numbers.
You can borrow mine.
Tom and Mary enlisted the services of a professional declutterer, because they could no longer cope with their messy house.
Tom was faced with an enormous task when his mother died leaving a badly cluttered house for him to clean up.
He was very glad when she offered to help him fix his roof.
For someone who's supposed to be an expert, you don't seem to know much.
Tom felt terrible when Mary told him she was fond of him but didn't love him.
I won't be able to meet you tomorrow because something unexpected has come up.
I think I've found someone interested in buying your house.
I think I've found someone interested in buying your house.
You need a new hat.
Some people consider it a waste of time to study languages such as Klingon, Interlingua and Esperanto.
Despite a shortage of steel, industrial output has increased by five percent.
You guys wait here.
Tom asked me if he was on the list of people invited to the party.
Tom popped into the supermarket on his way home to buy some milk.
I don't need to buy a suit for the wedding because Tom has one he can lend me.
One of Tom's teachers told him that he'd never amount to anything.
We got stuck in a traffic jam, which made us twenty minutes late.
There is only one interpretation possible for this sentence.
Tom certainly wouldn't be pleased if Mary decided to go back to work.
Nothing's worse than having all the time in the world and no one to spend it with.
From the direction that he was going in, I would say he was headed to town.
Some people seem to want to make a mountain out of a molehill.
Tom's reached a point in his life where he has to make some pretty important decisions.
Tom doesn't like beating around the bush but prefers to get straight to the point.
I think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth.
Tom had an altercation with a woman who tried to take his parking space.
What you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life.
Teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents.
Now that I am well again, I want to study space science in college.
"Just go in and tell the boss you want a raise." "That's easier said than done."
Tom and Mary were too tired to wash up and went to bed with their sink full of dirty dishes.
If I remember correctly, Tom and Mary got married in October of 2003.
Tom found a dusty box full of photos in his grandfather's attic.
Tom was infatuated with the girl next door when he was a kid.
Last night, I fell asleep while talking with Mary on the phone.
Last night, I fell asleep while talking with Mary on the phone.
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Tom kept talking and didn't let Mary get a word in edgewise.
Tom kept the fact that he was already married a secret from Mary.
Tom's researched his family history and intends to send a detailed family tree to all of his relatives.
It suddenly dawned on Tom that he'd been doing it wrong all along.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
That's the way we like it.
If Tom can do it, I'm sure I can do it, too.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mother.
Tom stubbed his toe when he got up in the night to go to the toilet.
The court ruled that Tom's children could spend every second weekend with him.
Tom thinks vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary isn't so sure.
E-cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes, but health authorities are concerned about the long-term health effects on users.
I don't believe in astrology, but that doesn't mean that I don't read my horoscope.
Can you think of anything that I could say to convince Tom to stay?
Can you think of anything that I could say to convince Tom to stay?
Can you think of anything that I could say to convince Tom to stay?
Mary has spent thousands of dollars on beauty products over the years.
Alice will tell you that in Wonderland everything is topsy-turvy.
It's been one step forward and two steps back with Tom's health lately.
It's been one step forward and two steps back with Tom's health lately.
Tom really hoped that Mary would go to the concert with him.
Tom believes that the universe really has eleven dimensions.
Tom believes that the universe really has eleven dimensions.
Tom seemed preoccupied and clearly wasn't listening to what Mary was saying.
When you've finished reading that book, I'd like to read it.
When you've finished reading that book, I'd like to read it.
I don't know if I've ever told you, but you have beautiful eyes.
I'll treat you like an adult when you start acting like one.
I didn't tell Tom about it because I didn't want to ruin his day.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw him lying face down covered with mud.
Our server will be offline on October 20th for scheduled maintenance.
Tom bought a couple of loaves of bread on his way home from work.
You just have to know that it works. You don't need to know how it works.
Do you remember how it felt when the same thing happened to you?
It took a lot of time.
I don't want to have kids, and I don't want to get married.
That's where you're wrong.
That's where you're wrong.
That's where you're wrong.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Should I ask someone else?
It was a little scary.
Yokohama is a city where more than three million people live.
I think that games such as Candy Crush are a waste of time.
The question isn't as easy to answer as it first might seem.
That's what I said to Tom.
So how did it go with Tom?
Tom can speak French almost as well as he can speak English.
Tom wouldn't just leave like that. He'd have at least said goodbye.
I'm so glad that you asked me to give the opening speech tonight.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left in his garage.
I don't care what the doctor says. I'm going to eat whatever I want.
It's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer.
Tom and Mary seem to be afraid to kiss each other in public.
I have a new boyfriend, but my ex-boyfriend doesn't know about it yet.
Tom couldn't tell from Mary's reaction how she felt about what he had said to her.
When a woman is murdered, the husband or boyfriend is always the number one suspect.
Tom always sets two alarm clocks when he's catching the early morning flight.
After Tom had entered four wrong PIN numbers, the ATM swallowed his card.
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter and she kept reading it over and over.
Tom already had the CD that Mary gave him for his birthday, but he didn't say so.
Mary's eyes filled with tears as she read the note from Tom telling her that he'd left her.
Newspapers and television stations around the world told the story of Koko and her kitten.
You have the floor.
Tom is rich enough to do just about anything he wants to do.
Up until three days ago, I'd never even heard of Tom Jackson.
That's certainly possible.
"Where are my glasses?" "You've left them on the kitchen table."
Tom was a slow learner when he was a child, and attended a special school.
He had his older sister help him paint the wall of his room.
Tom didn't intend to spend so much time painting the fence.
Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.
I came all this way. You could at least listen to what I have to say.
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
I think it's very difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
Tom is the only one who would know the answer to that question.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
Tom doesn't understand what's going on either, but he won't admit it.
She decided to marry him even though her parents didn't want her to.
That's how the pros do it.
Tom gets very argumentative with a few beers under his belt.
Tom said nothing because he didn't want to start an argument.
Each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions.
"I don't think Tom will do what we asked." "Yeah, me neither."
Tom has already memorized the poem his teacher told him to memorize.
This weekend Tom and Mary plan to go on a double date with John and Alice.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die from that disease.
Can you tell the difference between an American and a Canadian?
Tom found a bottle with a note inside it washed up on the beach.
She was always trying to provoke me into saying something I would regret later.
Is it true that you recover from colds when you give them to someone else?
As the room fall silent, only the ticking sound of an old clock could be heard.
She shot him with a rifle.
If you'd known then what you know now, what would you have done differently?
My grandpa drinks coffee with a group of old guys every morning.
I'm sure Tom will like the gift you got him.
I'm sure Tom will like the gift you got him.
I'm sure Tom will like the gift you got him.
Try to understand it in Spanish, without translating to English.
If you don't study, you won't pass the exam.
It doesn't bother me that Tom is going to be there with his new girlfriend.
I just got a beautiful bunch of flowers from one of my clients.
Tom usually has a glass of wine before dinner to whet his appetite.
Tom found the wallet he thought he'd lost after searching the house from top to bottom.
Tom found the wallet he thought he'd lost after searching the house from top to bottom.
Thank you for inviting me.
They thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here.
I don't think it would take more than 15 minutes to clean your room.
It's no wonder Tom's sleeping poorly; he drinks up to twelve cups of coffee a day.
If it were not for water, there would be no life on the earth.
It suddenly occurred to Tom that his car keys weren't in his pocket.
It's not a snake. It's only a piece of rope.
Tom knows just about all there is to know about growing vegetables.
Thanks to my mother's help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
I'm beginning to doubt whether Tom can really understand French all that well.
I've decided to quit my job and take a trip around the world.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
He said, "I will say nothing more, because I hate making excuses."
In the blink of an eye, the tennis-ball-sized dumpling had disappeared.
If you want something to eat, you'll need to get it yourself.
It occurred to me while I was waiting for Tom that maybe I shouldn't have invited Mary.
Tom meets his girlfriend at this coffee shop every afternoon.
According to what they say, that boy is very good at singing.
Tom says he wants me to leave, but I don't think he really means it.
I'll mow the lawn tomorrow, unless it rains.
It was clear to Tom that Mary wasn't going to change her mind.
I'll mow the lawn tomorrow, unless it rains.
Tom saw how exhausted Mary was and told her to go right to bed.
Tom saw Mary standing by the fireplace and went over to talk to her.
Mary isn't as beautiful as her sister, but she's still quite attractive.
The Normans' conquest of England had a great effect on the English language.
Tom has so much money that he doesn't know what to do with it.
That's an old wives' tale.
The doctor advised Tom to have at least three alcohol-free days per week.
Four of my favorite Christmas carols are "Silent Night," "Joy to the World," "The First Noel" and "Away in the Manger."
Tom usually wakes up every morning before his alarm clock goes off.
Some people never grow up.
The cool evening air was filled with the fresh smell of the sea.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first six hours sharpening the ax.
The public is entitled to information about how public money is spent.
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
I won't tell you Tom's phone number no matter how much you try and pry it out of me.
Tom walked out to the parking lot to look at Mary's new car.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.
That's all I can tell you.
That's all I can tell you.
That's all I can tell you.
Tom says he wasn't here yesterday. It must've been someone else you saw.
I wonder what would happen if Tom walked in here right now.
The person that told me the mall closes at 9:00 p.m. was wrong.
Tom was almost crushed by the tree that he was cutting down.
She looked for her children, but couldn't find them anywhere.
Tom's new wife is younger than his daughter from his first marriage.
Excuse me, could you show me how to use the washing machine?
It was a good example.
Is there anybody else you can think of who might be willing to help us?
I'd suggest you don't stay longer than absolutely necessary.
I'd suggest you don't stay longer than absolutely necessary.
I'd suggest you don't stay longer than absolutely necessary.
The alarm didn't wake Tom.
I'm pretty sure I'll pass the test tomorrow.
I've just arrived. I haven't even unpacked my suitcases yet.
You can lean on me.
You can lean on me.
You can count on me.
In judging his work, you should make allowances for his lack of experience.
My biggest worry is about where my next meal will come from.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
I don't want to be the one who tells Tom that Mary died in an automobile accident.
I don't want to be the one who tells Tom that Mary died in an automobile accident.
Many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift.
It's been five years since that book was made into a movie.
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room, please.
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room, please.
When Tom bought his car, he didn't know that it had been involved in a serious accident.
A man came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him, but Tom had no idea who he was.
Fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential.
A really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues. That's the kind of person I want you to become.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
A "renovator's dream" in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump.
No sooner had Mary broken up with Tom than John asked her out.
No sooner had Mary broken up with Tom than John was at her front door with a bunch of roses.
Tom didn't know if it would be worth his while applying for the job.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
Tom didn't know that Mary was interested in classical music.
One of the greatest secrets of happiness is moderating your wishes and loving what you already have.
My wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's.
Tom followed in his father's footsteps and became a lawyer.
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends and family after their breakup.
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm, soapy water and dried them on a cloth.
Mary usually gives Tom the silent treatment after they've had an argument.
Tom could see that a potentially dangerous situation could arise.
Tom suddenly realized what he was doing was very dangerous.
The worst-case scenario is that Tom will lose his job and won't be able to keep up his mortgage payments.
Mary caught Tom prying into her diary, trying to find out if she was seeing someone else.
No matter what kind of mood Mary's in, Tom can always manage to make her smile.
Mary trimmed the stems of the flowers Tom gave her so they'd fit into the vase.
Before it gets out in the media, I'd like to announce to all my fans that I'm pregnant.
Tom woke up in the night with a burning pain in the middle of his chest.
Mary left the door ajar and Tom could overhear what she was saying.
Tom's wondering if any of his kids will remember that today is Father's Day.
Mary likes to wear clothes with vertical stripes, because she heard they make you look thinner.
Tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced.
Tom loved the song even though the lyrics were in a language he didn't understand.
Tom would have liked to have stayed for dinner, but he had urgent business to attend to.
Tom would like to have stayed for dinner, but he had to go back to work.
It's not nearly as cold today as I thought it was going to be.
Tom would have liked to have stayed for dinner, but he had urgent business to attend to.
Kissing a man without a mustache is like eating eggs without salt.
That's beyond my strength.
Mary has only ever had one other boyfriend, apart from Tom.
My favorite subjects in high school were geometry and history.
Tom's a terrible joke teller, because he often forgets the punchline.
That won't be possible.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to stand up for what he believes in.
There are still many things left to learn about the human brain.
If you don't start treating people with a little more respect, people may start avoiding you like the plague.
It would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by.
It would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by.
It would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by.
We should try to convince Tom to stay with us for a few days.
Money can't buy happiness. However, it's more comfortable to cry in a Maserati than on a bike.
You can't stop now.
You can't stop now.
Tom was the only one studying when I entered the classroom.
Man needs two years to learn to talk and sixty years to learn how to shut up.
Mary wrote her number on a piece of paper and handed it to Tom.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
The population of Osaka City is larger than that of Kyoto City.
Tom wanted me to tell you that he was going to be away from the office for a few days.
I'm really worried that my parents aren't going to like Tom.
The bigger a city grows, the dirtier the air and water become.
You say Nessie is an imaginary being, but I think she exists.
The coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started.
We've spent too much time goofing off. Now it's time to get down to work.
You may think your comment was innocuous, but I found it very offensive.
The picture that you hung up yesterday afternoon fell down this morning.
Who's going to look after my sick grandfather if something happens to me?
If it's all right with you, I'd like to stay for a while longer.
I have a lot to do today, so if you don't mind, I'd like to have this discussion at another time.
Is it really true that 30% of the people who live here have never seen the ocean?
The economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis.
Tom wasn't the most popular kid in the school, but he had a couple of friends.
You're very smart.
It's a family trait.
It was a group effort.
I'm suspicious of people who don't like dogs, but I trust a dog when it doesn't like a person.
It may be important.
If he had taken my advice then, he would be a rich man now.
It's already been five years since we began to study English.
That's no longer possible.
You don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end.
You don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end.
Even though the posted speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though eye witnesses saw the HMAS Sydney sink in 1941, it took 60 years to locate the wreck on the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
If you give it a try, you will find this game very exciting.
When I was a little boy, my father and I went to Boston to visit my great-grandfather.
About 80 million bacteria are transferred during a 10 second kiss.
Tom ate the free bread and then walked out of the restaurant.
Mary said that her parents would kill her if they found out that she was going out with Tom.
In 2009, coyotes killed 2,500 sheep and 12,000 lambs in the state of Montana.
The bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system.
I feel like going to the movies, but I still have to do my homework.
I'm going to have two pieces in her gallery.
It might be better to address her as Doctor.
Our website is offline for scheduled maintenance. We expect to be back online by 2:30 GMT.
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his fall.
As you can see, I haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time.
I'd suggest that you clean up a bit before your mother gets here.
Mary looked into the mirror while she was brushing her hair.
Tom won't back down from any fight, no matter who he's up against.
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.
The astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd.
When I was on the point of leaving London, it began to snow.
Mt. Fuji, the highest mountain in Japan, is 3,776 meters high.
It wasn't until Tom was 30 years old that he found out that he was adopted.
I'm pretty sure that I've left the keys to my office in my raincoat pocket.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he could.
Tom wasn't the most popular kid in school, but he had a lot of friends.
Tom said Mary would help him, but I didn't think she would.
Tom threw a pillow at Mary and the pillow hit her squarely in the face.
I can't believe that someone who's supposed to be my friend would say things like that about me.
Tom's Bible reading group petered out after a few months through lack of interest.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
Tom's Bible reading group petered out after a few months through lack of interest.
Tom's Bible reading group petered out after a few months through lack of interest.
You don't have to go to an art school in order to be an artist.
Tom moved the flower pot to the left and the secret door slid open.
That's all I need to hear.
It looks like you've put on a little weight.
I think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
Someone left this for you.
The surgeon who operated on Tom is very experienced and highly regarded.
The man, who had not eaten for three days, had trouble thinking about anything except food.
I left home later than usual, but fortunately I was in time for the train.
Tom and Mary hid their relationship from their parents.
Three years ago something like this never would have happened.
As Tom sat down, he bumped the table and his coffee spilled onto the tablecloth.
I'll keep my fingers crossed that everything will go well for you today.
He was ignorant of the fact that the town had been destroyed.
When Mary went to cook dinner, she found that her potatoes had sprouted in the cupboard.
No one ever really knows what's going through someone else's head.
If you take a child outside and point at the moon, the child will look at the moon. If you do the same with a dog, it will look at your finger.
Tom was shocked to see how much his mother had deteriorated since he last saw her six months ago.
What makes you so sure Tom was the one who stole your bicycle?
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
The USA and Cuba are set to mend their relationship after half a century of hostilities.
Tom usually only gets his hair cut two or three times a year.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absence from class.
I've lived most of my life in the plains where trees and hills are scarce.
He didn't keep his promise that he would telephone me soon.
He didn't keep his promise that he would telephone me soon.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
I didn't know how to do it, but I was willing to give it a try.
Some employers are reluctant to take on people who have recently been released from jail.
Tom felt around the floor on his hands and knees, trying to find Mary's earring.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will be allowed to keep the gold that he found.
Tom is going to go to prison for a crime he didn't commit if you don't confess.
Tom's been very busy at work and can't get any time off until the week after next.
"The snow is beautiful, isn't it?" "Yeah, but Mary, you're even more beautiful."
It seems to me that you're making fun of me.
The smell of the flowers came in through the open windows of the bus.
Like a house of cards, Tom's dreams and plans came crashing down around him.
Most serial killers have experienced brutal childhoods, but very few people who experienced brutal childhoods later become serial killers.
To become a professional banjo player, you need to spend thousands of hours practicing.
Sound knowledge of computer systems and programming languages is integral to Tom's job.
Travel and public speaking are integral parts of Tom's job.
Tom drank himself into a stupor when Mary walked out on him.
Someone had definitely spiked Tom's drink, because he could no longer stand up and the next morning he could remember nothing.
You may stay here for the night, but you'll have to leave in the morning.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom didn't do what he'd told Mary he was going to do.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom couldn't afford a lawyer.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't do anything crazy.
He dedicated himself to painting, without thinking of fame or fortune.
Tom's living proof that you don't have to have brains to be successful.
When you're successful, everyone wants to know you. When you fail, you're on your own.
It scares me to death.
Tom and Mary were thrilled to bits when their daughter took her first steps.
In case something goes wrong, please take care of my children.
Tom was feeling on top of the world after getting a promotion.
We still have plenty of time, but let's take a taxi just in case.
Tom had to read the sign on the door three times before he understood it.
Some of the girls laughed.
If I'd known what you were going to do, I'd've tried to stop you.
Mary told Tom to go easy on the ice cream if he didn't want to get fat.
Much can be learned by observing how a child interacts at play with other children.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
The party went till midnight, and there was a lot of cleaning up to do afterwards.
What she lacks in charisma she makes up for with hard work.
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
Tom had a massive crush on the girl next door when he was a kid.
Is there any chance of your coming to Tokyo again this year?
Is there any chance of your coming to Tokyo again this year?
Is there any chance of your coming to Tokyo again this year?
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger.
Tom kept dropping subtle hints about what he wanted for his birthday.
The proportion of single-person households has increased steadily in the past few years.
A lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture.
The best cookies I've ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me.
Louis Pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases.
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving.
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving.
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving.
To the best of my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
Marriage can be a wonderful thing if two people understand each other.
That sounds strange to me.
That sounds strange to me.
That sounds strange to me.
Japanese cultured pearls have come to monopolise as much as 60% of the world pearl market.
Tom only had a faint inkling of what Mary was talking about.
Tom never had an inkling that Mary and John were dating each other.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have an inkling of what's going on.
Mary's not the first woman to fall in love with a married man, and she won't be the last.
I was also impressed with the school's cleanliness and the students' pride in it.
Tom and Mary filled balloons with water, and dropped them from the balcony down onto unsuspecting pedestrians walking on the pavement below.
When a good opportunity presents itself, I don't let it pass.
If people never fell in love or got their hearts broken when love fails, what would lyricists write their songs about?
Mary's biggest disappointment in life is not being able to have children.
Mary's biggest disappointment in life is not being able to have children.
Tom is well-read and can talk knowledgeably about almost any topic.
I converted the temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius in my head.
I already said I don't know how to do that.
I have the feeling that I've seen these shoes somewhere before.
I think I understood everything Tom said, but I'm not absolutely sure.
She's very good at tennis, but she's not much of a swimmer.
The girl who I thought was a singer proved to be a different person.
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs and Mary was very impressed.
Do you think I'd be stupid enough to come here without a weapon?
Although we don't have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Tom twisted Mary's arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity.
That was a more serious problem than we thought it would be.
Tom speaks French well, but not as well as he speaks English.
I've always wanted to visit another country.
I think Tom is the only one here who knows where Mary lives.
I'll take care of the dog while you are out.
I'll take care of the dog while you are out.
When Tom was a kid, he used to collect his father's cigarette butts until he had enough tobacco to roll a cigarette for himself.
Shift workers often have problems sleeping because it's hard to create a quiet, dark atmosphere during the day.
Some people think that there are too many lawyers in this country.
Three months ago, I didn't even know how to say one word of French.
Her silence seemed to confirm suspicions that she was hiding something.
It's taken us three weeks to fix, but at last our car runs satisfactorily.
It sure is cold today.
Tom saw a girl sitting all alone, so he went over to talk to her.
Many of the world's greatest discoveries happened by pure chance.
I don't want everybody on the Web to be able to access my photos.
The only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you.
Some well-meaning people think that those who are depressed should just pull their socks up and get on with life.
She knew he was sad, but she couldn't pinpoint the reason why.
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
I tried to leave early, but people kept asking me for help.
I wish I could live my life doing only what I wanted to do.
Tom's a creature of habit, and does pretty much the same things every day.
Tom lived in Boston for three years before moving back to Chicago.
Tom thought the used car salesman was trying to rip him off.
It all started in Montgomery, Alabama, on December 1, 1955.
If you want me to, I'll stay here with you until Tom gets back.
Tom's new puppy is so small he can fit into the palm of your hand.
I wish I could live my life doing only what I wanted to do.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
Fanned by the strong wind, the flames spread in all directions.
It's a pity you didn't tell somebody sooner.
These tales have been passed on from generation to generation.
When I was your age, I thought the same way as you about this issue.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
Men whose mothers had breast cancer run a higher risk of developing prostate cancer.
Men whose mothers had breast cancer run a higher risk of developing prostate cancer.
The outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict.
The outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict.
I don't know how he can speak without taking the cigarette out of his mouth.
Tom's the last person I would've expected to have a heart attack.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Tom was having problems.
Tom lay awake for a long time thinking about what he should do.
A long time ago when Pluto was still a planet, there was a boy named Tom.
Tom insisted he hadn't been drinking, but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away.
Tom insisted he hadn't been drinking, but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
If the weather's good tomorrow, let's go to the river to swim.
It's practically impossible not to use baby talk when talking to a young child.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
The first time Tom brought Mary home, his mother said, "This one's a keeper."
While I was cleaning out my desk, I came across this old picture.
Tom is really jealous and he gets mad when other guys talk to me.
When one has a wonderful dream, one doesn't wish to come down to earth.
If you don't want to attend Tom's birthday party, you don't have to.
If you don't want to attend Tom's birthday party, you don't have to.
I have the feeling that my French isn't getting much better.
After working in the hot sun all afternoon, Tom looked hot and tired.
Should I see a specialist?
Do you think Tom would be able to pick Mary up at the airport?
If I'd known about his illness, I would've visited him in the hospital.
Tom just wanted Mary to help him a little more with the children.
Your brother looks a lot more like your father than you do.
Had it not been for your cooperation, I could not have finished the work in time.
Tom and Mary got married just three months after they first met each other.
Why didn't you come yesterday? I waited a long time for you.
You know I'm wrong.
That's always a good sign.
Tom thought that Mary would like to go to Boston to see John.
It was pretty obvious.
That would've been simple.
That doesn't happen often.
That doesn't happen often.
There's often a simple solution to what seems like a complicated problem.
Tom wants me to call Mary and make it clear that he never wants to see her again.
Tom might not realize what time the meeting is supposed to begin.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom was getting ready for school.
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?
I've always wanted to go to another country.
If all goes to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
If all goes to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
My father made my mother a cup of coffee just the way she likes it.
Tom didn't need to think very long before he gave Mary his answer.
An anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter.
This is the only picture I have of my great-great-grandfather.
If you want to master a language, you need to learn to think in that language.
Tom still loves Mary even though she doesn't love him anymore.
Tom still loves Mary even though she doesn't love him anymore.
I checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes.
I am going in the same direction. Come with me. I will take you there.
I am going in the same direction. Come with me. I will take you there.
I am going in the same direction. Come with me. I will take you there.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
Tom is going to die in the morning for a crime he didn't commit.
Non-verbal communication is just as important as what is actually said.
What was the name of the hotel where you stayed in Boston last year?
After a while, I noticed that we weren't walking on the path anymore.
Tom didn't believe that Mary had anything to do with the theft.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything she reads on the Web.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
Tom became famous because he married a famous actress who had been married many times before.
Shoot anything that moves.
Shoot anything that moves.
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.
The government will have to take drastic action to solve the problem.
I now understand that the woman I thought was a nurse is a doctor.
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.
Printing more money is a short-term measure used by some countries to pre-empt inflation, but, in the long term, it makes the situation worse.
The Prime Minister said that he didn't want to pre-empt the findings of the inquiry by making any policy changes before its recommendations were handed down.
Government troops launched a pre-emptive attack on the insurgents, after receiving intelligence reports that they were planning an assault.
Could you stand behind my car for a minute and tell me if my brake lights are working?
Tom has a framed photo of his parents on their wedding day hanging on his lounge room wall.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom decided to take a long walk.
Tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
Tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
Tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
Tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
What kind of a parent would leave their child unattended in the car outside the pub while they're inside drinking?
You are not obliged to say anything, but anything you do say may be given in evidence against you.
Some say that every hour in bed before midnight is worth two hours after midnight.
That's awful sweet of you.
You made a promise.
You made a promise.
You made a promise.
You made a promise.
Activists chained themselves to bulldozers in a bid to stop a mining company clearing a forest to get access to undeveloped coal deposits.
Someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence.
You can study here.
I've never had this kind of problem at work.
Tom couldn't get to sleep because he had drunk too much coffee after supper.
Studies have revealed that the average keyboard has more germs than a toilet seat.
The demotion of Pluto from the status of a planet was a very hotly debated issue within the astronomical community.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to say what needed to be said.
Why can't you just knock on the door like any other normal person?
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something. Otherwise you won't last until lunch time.
Tom got the guards drunk and managed to escape from the castle.
Tom and Mary's little boy loves sitting on the kitchen floor banging pots and pans.
Tom bought an expensive toy for his young son, who then proceeded to spend hours playing with the box it came in.
Sitting behind people at the movies who constantly chat and giggle doesn't make for an enjoyable evening.
Severe turbulence during the flight and very poor cabin service didn't make for an enjoyable start to our holiday.
On a first date, it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects.
On a first date, it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects.
Why don't you work?
Why don't you work?
Why don't you work?
Tom avoided listening to sad and sentimental love songs after he and Mary had split up.
Tom would've been thirty years old today if he hadn't passed away last year.
Today, I'm finally going to tell Tom what I really think of him.
If they had offered you the job, would you have accepted it?
If they had offered you the job, would you have accepted it?
Tom told his teacher that he had been sick, but that wasn't true.
Tom should be more careful not to bother Mary while she's working.
Tom was unprepared for the scathing criticism meted out to him by his boss.
Tom was unprepared for the scathing criticism meted out to him by his boss.
Those pants are much too long. They almost touch the ground.
When Tom was a kid, he used to pretend he was playing the drums by tapping his fingers on the kitchen table, to the great irritation of his father.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
Tom got down on his knees in front of everyone in the restaurant, pulled a diamond ring out of his pocket and proposed to Mary, to the applause of all present.
Tom got down on his knees in front of everyone in the restaurant, pulled a diamond ring out of his pocket and proposed to Mary, to the applause of all present.
The number of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States.
She got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
You could've heard a pin drop in the restaurant after Mary slapped Tom in the face, threw a glass of wine over him and stomped out.
In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
Tom connected the TV to the antenna that the previous owner of his house had mounted on the roof.
It's important to teach children as early as possible about healthy eating.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
Tom thought he'd broken a bone in his foot, but an X-ray showed that he hadn't.
Just because Tom provoked you doesn't give you a right to attack him.
For the first time in more than 6 years, the unemployment rate is below 6%.
As he sat next to his dying mother in the nursing home, Tom regretted not having been a better son to her.
The identity of the boy who had been missing was verified by the clothes he was wearing.
I know you think this is a stupid thing to do, but I plan to do it anyway.
I know you think this is a stupid thing to do, but I plan to do it anyway.
I know you think this is a stupid thing to do, but I plan to do it anyway.
I need to talk to you about what's going to happen tomorrow.
I need to talk to you about what's going to happen tomorrow.
I need to talk to you about what's going to happen tomorrow.
Do you remember what the girl who was with me last night was wearing?
I want to arrive at Kennedy Airport early in the afternoon.
Please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
I'm just kidding. That really didn't happen.
We'd like to split it. Could you bring it to us on two plates?
Tom noticed that Mary was sitting in the corner by herself.
Tom noticed that Mary was sitting in the corner by herself.
Tom wondered if it was Mary who had sent him the box of apples.
I did everything I could. Now it's your turn to contribute what you can.
He rented a room on the top floor in order to enjoy a good view.
Tom seemed very surprised when I told him about what had happened.
They won't be able to do anything about that problem today.
Thank you for your letter.
I could tell by the look on Tom's face that he didn't like the idea.
Just to be on the safe side, why don't you take an umbrella with you?
It's almost impossible to avoid eating genetically modified food.
You probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it.
Tom suggested that they convert the old church into a concert hall.
Tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros.
These creatures evolved from simpler organisms like jellyfish.
Mary asked Alice if she could borrow a dress to wear to the dance.
Whether you believe it or not, I want to get this thing over with as much as you do.
The rumor is going around that the actress is going to get a divorce.
The lecturer couldn't get his message across to the audience.
Tom found some skeletons in the cupboard when he was researching his family history.
How nice!
Tom pressed the green button and waited for something to happen.
Someone wants to meet you.
I'm worried about the state of Tom's health.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
Tell us about your family.
Why did you ask for my opinion if you'd already made up your mind anyway?
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Even though Tom thought the idea didn't make much sense, he said he'd give it a go.
Tom was pleasantly surprised that more than 60 people liked the photo he put on Facebook.
It's hard to imagine a family more dysfunctional than ours.
It's hard to imagine a family more dysfunctional than ours.
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
Leftover chicken can be stored in the fridge in a sealed container for three to four days.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
We have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences.
If you went straight home like you said you did, how come I saw your car parked outside the pub?
The plans aren't set in stone and can be changed if absolutely necessary.
Your mother wouldn't like it if she knew we were seeing each other.
You've got a lot of stuff going on at the moment, so why don't you take the rest of the week off to deal with whatever those issues are?
Nothing could've prepared Tom for what was about to happen.
Tom's girlfriend is taller, stronger, and smarter than he is.
Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
It is often said that Japanese universities are difficult to enter, but easy to graduate from.
Tom and Mary named their son after the doctor who delivered him.
I would like to upload several photos to the forum. Could you tell me how?
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.
That can wait until later.
You can do it, Tom.
The store was so crowded that Tom and Mary lost sight of each other.
Tom's dog cowered under the kitchen table during the storm.
"Could you move over a little?" "Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I was taking up so much space."
Tom can't go to the beach this weekend with you because he has a bad cold.
He is proud of the fact that he has never consulted a doctor in his life.
I never use my camera anymore. I just take pictures with my phone.
Tom had no sooner walked in the door than Mary started to complain.
Tom called Mary over to ask her what she thought of the tie he was thinking of buying.
She's been living for the last five years under an assumed name.
If you run just a little faster, you'll be able to catch up with them.
Few people take the trouble to read all the terms and conditions of a contract before signing it.
Tom wanted to be the first to shake hands with Mary after her concert.
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
Would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some?
Would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some?
Tom decided to marry Mary even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom decided to marry Mary even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom claimed that the contract was invalid because he'd been coerced into signing it.
I wonder how many hours it'll take to finish painting the house.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
You made it happen.
There seems to be evidence suggesting Tom was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
I'm a professor, or rather an associate professor, to be exact.
Tom has always maintained that he is innocent, and claims to this day that he was framed.
We have ants in the kitchen. We need to call an exterminator.
Don't you ever let me hear you talking to your mother like that again.
Tom is unbeatable.
Tom forgot to lock his bike up, and when he came back it was gone.
In this day and age, life without electricity is unimaginable.
What are you doing here, Tom? Mary doesn't want to see you.
When the police stopped him for questioning, Tom tried to make a run for it.
Maybe you should turn off the television and do something else.
In America, we believe that a lifetime of hard work and responsibility should be rewarded with a shot at a secure, dignified retirement.
Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids.
In today's world, we have to equip all our kids with an education that prepares them for success, regardless of what they look like, or how much their parents make, or the zip code that they live in.
Denying a quality education to the children of working families is as wrong as denying health care or child care to working families.
Will we accept an economy where only a few of us do spectacularly well? Or will we build an economy where everyone who works hard has a chance to get ahead?
At a moment when our economy is growing, our businesses are creating jobs at the fastest pace since the 1990s, and wages are starting to rise again, we have to make some choices about the kind of country we want to be.
Exclamation marks are used much more frequently in German than they are in English.
Tom was the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
Tom never thought Mary would ever actually graduate from college.
Why do you like me?
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to do something she knew she shouldn't do.
Tom and Mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
If she were still alive, Billie Holiday would be 100 today.
What you've written isn't actually wrong, but it leaves out some important facts.
When I have homework to do, my brother always helps me with it.
Tom told me that he drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself with the new towel that Mary had given him.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
The suspect was last seen wearing blue jeans and an orange sweatshirt.
Have you ever wondered what might've happened if Tom hadn't been here?
That's a really good idea.
When I was your age, I bicycled to and from school every day.
Tom couldn't understand what the purpose of the mission was.
Tom thought Mary's dress wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you something at the supermarket?
I don't know how long Tom lived in Boston, but it was at least three years.
If he hadn't taken that flight then, he would be alive now.
What kind of music do you like to listen to when you're driving?
The poor man eats when he can, but the rich man eats when he wants.
Japan was one of the world's fastest growing economies in the 1980s.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from Tom by now.
It looks like the question was too easy for you. Next time, I'll have to make it a bit harder.
Tom lived in his car for a while after he broke up with Mary.
I haven't got the foggiest notion what you're talking about.
After a hectic few days at work, Tom is looking forward to a change of pace.
The constant, high-pitched ringing in Tom's ears is driving him crazy.
I've got an exam in a few minutes, and I'm going to fail for sure.
You are cordially invited to our fiftieth anniversary celebration.
It was not until a few days later that we heard the sad news.
Tom would've been here by now if his car hadn't broken down.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary would really do something that dumb.
Tom and Mary seemed to be very happy to see each other again.
Tom and Mary have decided not to talk to their children in French anymore.
Tom and Mary agreed not to talk to their children in French.
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary's handbag and disappeared into the crowd.
A tall man with a sallow complexion walked into the room and sat down next to Tom.
I dislocated my ankle, and I also broke my tibia and fibula bones.
It's possible that we won't be able to eat tuna in the future.
Tom was sitting in a comfortable armchair, reading the evening newspaper.
Tuition fees must be paid not later than the 25th of this month.
Tom asked Mary who she thought was the best-looking guy in her class.
Tom asked me how many students were still in the classroom.
I think what you're looking for is in the back of the closet.
Even standing right in front of the stove, Tom still felt cold.
I'm not going to tell you what happened until you calm down.
I've already told Tom that he doesn't need to come here tomorrow.
Tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a selfie.
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
Tom wasn't stupid enough to tell Mary what he really thought.
These days it is not a good idea to hitchhike. It can be dangerous.
I enjoy cooking, but I don't like the cleaning up afterwards.
Do not use this product near a bathtub, sink, shower, swimming pool, or anywhere else where water or moisture are present.
He won't go near the water because he's deathly afraid of jellyfish.
It would never have occurred to me to say anything like that.
Suddenly Tom began to cry.
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
My grandmother walks faster than me, and plays tennis better than I do.
Tom searched every nook and cranny of the house looking for his wallet.
I was told you were the one who helped Tom build his house.
The President had the power to save the men from execution at the stroke of a pen.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom and I had a long conversation while we were waiting for Mary.
Tom called me about thirty minutes ago and said he was on his way.
I've made some mistakes that I should've been able to avoid.
How many spoonfuls of sugar do you usually put in your tea?
Tom dropped a cup on the floor and it shattered into a thousand pieces.
Rote learning might help you to pass exams, but it's no guarantee that you'll really understand the subject matter.
Tom and Mary have taught their children to say "excuse me" if they want to interrupt a conversation.
Tom's mind went blank when he got up to give the eulogy at Mary's funeral.
Maybe Tom should consider the possibility that Mary has left him for good.
I'm sure you've seen everything you need to.
Tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently.
There's a restaurant pretty close to here, but it's not very good.
The restaurant we went to wasn't as expensive as I expected it to be.
Why don't you take this medicine for a few days and let's see if it works?
Even though it hadn't rained for several days, the ground was still quite wet underfoot.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to go out with him.
You can't help Tom.
You can't help Tom.
You can't help Tom.
Tom says that he has no trouble understanding Mary's French.
It doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
It doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
It doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
It doesn't make much sense to me that we aren't allowed to sit here.
It doesn't make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
If you don't have good ingredients, you can't make good food.
If you don't have good ingredients, you can't make good food.
Tom opened the envelope, pulled out the letter and unfolded it.
Over 100 tons of dust and sand-sized particles bombard the earth every day from space, most of which goes unnoticed.
The Cosmic Dust Laboratory at NASA's Johnson Space Center contains the largest collection of comet debris on Earth.
She looked in her bag for the key of the house, but could not find it.
Speak into the microphone.
Speak into the microphone.
I don't think that I'll be able to solve this problem by myself.
It was a race to get to the station on time.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over and watch a movie.
Tom's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers.
Take three steps and jump.
Have you ever thought about baking your potatoes instead of frying them?
Tom said that he wanted to go visit Santa Claus at the North Pole.
I told Tom that he was a fool to let Mary talk to him that way.
Shut up and pay attention.
It's rude to ask someone how much they earn.
Where do you think the safest place in your house would be during a tornado?
There's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains.
Write it in pencil.
I wish I could take back all those terrible things I said about you last night.
The government has taken measures to promote domestic industry.
You should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time.
Drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus.
Tom has a speech impediment, which gets worse if he has to speak in public.
At school, Tom ignored me and pretended that he didn't know me.
Mary sat under the tree, reading an old book from the nineteenth century.
Tom signed his name with the new pen that he got from Mary.
Tom didn't even write one letter to Mary while he was away.
As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.
Tom handed me a piece of paper with his address written on it.
I can read Chinese fairly well, but I can't write it very well.
Tom showed me the poems that he'd written when he was a teenager.
If you want to become a good writer, you need to practice writing.
If you want to become a good writer, you need to practice writing.
After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.
I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.
I was going to write to you, but I started doing other things and forgot.
Tom got Mary to scratch the part of his back he couldn't reach.
We should keep up friendly relations with neighboring countries.
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.
No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.
It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.
Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.
Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.
Sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature.
Tom didn't like the look of his nose, so he had a nose job.
Tom got involved with people he should never have gotten involved with.
Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train on the way to work.
The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.
I guess I'm just too stupid to understand what you're trying to say.
Somebody wants to kill me.
Tom poured out a couple of pills from the medicine bottle and popped them into his mouth.
Tom was with a girl, but I didn't manage to see who it was.
The British people turned to a new leader, Winston Churchill.
Thank you for the tickets.
Mary could tell by the way Tom slammed the door that he wasn't happy.
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.
When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.
When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.
Mary can't stand it when Tom hovers around her while she's cooking.
The main reason kids tell lies is to avoid getting into trouble.
Tom got involved with people who had a really bad influence on him.
Just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea.
How come you didn't tell me Tom was going to Boston with us?
It's normal to feel nervous when you don't know what to expect.
The police are responsible for the maintenance of law and order.
You could tell by the look on Tom's face that he was disappointed.
There is no denying the fact that no one is free from racial prejudice.
I wish everybody would stop telling me I need to be more careful.
Swollen lymph nodes are usually found near the site of an infection, tumour, or inflammation.
"Are you going to go to Tom's concert?" "I most certainly am."
She wrote him a friendly letter, and thanked him for his help.
Due to the reason that I described above, I arrived at a different decision.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for an American.
There's a pile of letters on my desk that I have to answer.
There are more important things we should be doing right now.
Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any other questions.
In many countries, whenever a group of people from various language backgrounds get together, English is usually the language that is spoken.
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't speak French.
There was a lot of sibling rivalry between Tom and his brother.
It's been a long time since I've heard anyone use that word.
Tom was embarrassed when his parrot came out with a string of obscenities in front of Mary's mother.
What do you call a man who takes care of sheep in the field?
You know I hate it.
Even small children have an innate sense of what's fair and what's not.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey.
It's important for parents to be on the same page when it comes to disciplining their children.
Tom finally admitted he needed help and checked himself into detox.
Tom's speech was full of double entendres, most of which went over his audience's head.
The king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment.
Tom always laughs at his own jokes, just in case no one else does.
Tom is ambidextrous and can use his right hand equally as well as his left.
Tom's daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car.
Tom donated money to the Red Cross to help survivors of the earthquake.
As cultural exchange continued between the two countries, their mutual understanding became even deeper.
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes, they get nervous and irritable.
Tom's parents only stayed together for the sake of the children.
When I was in school, left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands.
That helps me fall asleep.
Tom ought not to have spoken to his teacher in that tone of voice.
If you're not prepared to take the trouble to learn how to train a dog, don't get one.
When rain's fallen and the soil is moist, it becomes easier to pull out weeds.
What time do you think it is? Where have you been out so late?
There's no point talking to you, because you won't do as I say anyway.
Do you believe in life after death?
Tom had to forgo his morning swim, on account of it being too cold.
The bridge will take months longer to build and cost millions of dollars more than first estimated.
The water temperature's still low so you're not going to swim, are you?
Don't you think if there were a problem, Tom would call us and let us know?
The result of the test brought home to me how little I had learned.
Tom borrowed thirty dollars from Mary to buy John a birthday present.
I assume that was the only way to get the job done in time.
We're always going there! Let's go to a French restaurant for a change.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
He has changed a lot, and he is no longer what he used to be.
She turned around quickly.
I thought I could do it, but it was more difficult than I expected it to be.
Your mother will probably object to your climbing the mountain.
The first thing you'll usually want to do is check the oil level.
Your letter reached me only today, having been delayed by the heavy snow.
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of us.
Tom only found out after his mother's death that she had gambled away his inheritance.
How long were you planning on keeping this a secret from me?
The life of some dairy farmers has gotten a lot easier since the introduction of robots to milk the cows.
It's not ideal, but it's the least unsatisfactory solution.
His public support for the British government was unpopular.
I've never met anyone who makes me as happy as you make me.
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the time griping about their husbands.
Tom took the CD out of its case and put it into the player.
I hate it when I work late and end up missing an episode of a show I'm following.
Take it easy. I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
I don't know when Tom got married, but I do know he got married.
I don't know when, but it's likely to happen before next Monday.
I don't know when Tom called, but it was either yesterday or the day before.
There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice.
There are seedless grapes and seedless watermelons. I wonder if there are seedless mangoes.
We need another three million dollars to complete this project.
The rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit.
You should study hard so that you can pass the examination.
You should study hard so that you can pass the examination.
You should study hard so that you can pass the examination.
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever.
Why was Tom chosen?
When push comes to shove, a family will close ranks to protect one of their own.
Tom made a lot of suggestions, but none of them were very good.
We came up with a lot of ideas, but none of them were very good.
Tom's trip turned into a nightmare when his passport and credit cards were stolen.
Tom let the cat out of the bag when he accidentally told his mother about the surprise party being planned for her.
For all his faults, Tom had a fundamental sense of decency.
Some farmers are using donkeys to protect their sheep from wild dogs.
Even though Tom has a very demanding job, he always makes time for Mary and the kids.
Tom lost his job because the firm decided that a robot could do his job better.
Tom put his career on the back burner and became a house husband, to enable Mary to pursue her career.
Tom rolled up his pant legs so people could see his bright red socks.
Tom took off his shoes and socks and rolled up his pant legs.
I thought maybe you'd changed your mind about going to Boston.
The teacher said we had to learn all these expressions by heart.
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April fifth or sixth?
Do we have any French homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow?
Tom was assessed by the selection committee as fully meeting all criteria for the job.
Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year.
"Tom drank three cups of coffee after dinner." "No wonder he couldn't sleep."
Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year.
Even though I ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast, I'm still hungry.
I don't want to go back to school. I wish summer vacation would never end.
I need to hide these Christmas presents somewhere that Tom can't find them.
Shakespeare, whose plays are world-famous, lived some four hundred years ago.
What was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid?
The receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly.
The receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly.
Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
I can think of some situations in which a knife would come in handy.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.
It's hard to be a woman. One must think like a man, act like a lady, look like a girl, and work like a horse.
All drugs of addiction increase the release of dopamine in the brain.
All drugs of addiction increase the release of dopamine in the brain.
The lower your self-esteem, the more you tend to focus on negative things.
One moment, they were arguing and the next they were kissing.
Tom had lots of run-ins with the law when he was a teenager.
Tom had lots of run-ins with the law when he was a teenager.
We should've phoned ahead and reserved a table.
I just washed the dishes and now I have to take out the trash.
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.
Tom listened to the sound of the waves crashing on the beach.
That wasn't very romantic.
Someone stole Tom's money.
Someone stole Tom's money.
Someone stole Tom's money.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always there.
The unemployment rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September of 2015.
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
"It must be great to be tall." "Do you think so? It's not really that great. You keep bumping your head on the ceiling."
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
Mary asked Tom what he thought of her dress, but he knew better than to tell her what he really thought.
Listening to a language being spoken is very different from reading or writing the same language.
Mary used the apples that Tom gave her to make apple butter.
You shouldn't have made such a remark even if you had been angry.
Mary was offended when Tom bought her some breath freshener.
If the food's cold, put it in the microwave.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous.
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.
Just because a word exists doesn't mean you have to use it, especially if it's not something you'd normally say.
Tom looked back on his life and wondered if he'd actually accomplished anything.
The baby doesn't walk yet.
Tell Tom it was a mistake.
Tell Tom it was a mistake.
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.
Maybe Tom can help us figure out how to solve this problem.
I hid.
Tom couldn't make out what was written on the piece of paper.
It's important not to change or discontinue medication without seeking medical advice.
Tom would've turned thirty next month if he hadn't died in the accident.
You promised that you'd stand by me through thick and thin.
You promised that you'd stand by me through thick and thin.
Tom folded the map and put it back into the glove compartment.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
The less there is to justify a traditional custom, the harder it is to get rid of it.
Often, the less there is to justify a traditional custom the harder it is to get rid of it.
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English, so they usually speak to each other in French.
If your father asks your mother a question in French, does she answer in French or in English?
Do you speak the same language to your father that you speak to your mother?
The frail old man stubbornly refused to make use of a wheelchair.
It probably would be cheaper somewhere else.
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
The laundry that I hung up was on the clothesline for three days.
Why don't we have enough food for everyone? I thought you went shopping this afternoon.
Why don't we have enough food for everyone? I thought you went shopping this afternoon.
Why don't we have enough food for everyone? I thought you went shopping this afternoon.
She advised him to drink more milk, but he didn't think this was good advice.
Do you think there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
I haven't seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants grew rapidly.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants grew rapidly.
Tom tried to make amends by giving back all the money he had stolen.
What was the nature of the relationship between Tom and Mary?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing in my apartment?
How many times am I supposed to give you the benefit of the doubt?
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Boston for a few more days?
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Boston for a few more days?
Parts of the city looked like a disaster zone following the storm.
Tom gambled away all of the money that his grandfather gave him.
Tom gambled away all of the money that his grandfather gave him.
If only you'd thought of that before shooting your big mouth off.
Tom liked Mary for years, but at some point, his feelings for her changed to love.
That's very disappointing.
I'm surprised Tom's still alive. I thought he would've drunk himself to death years ago.
Tom climbed up the ladder and picked an apple from the tree.
I wish I could come with you, but I have a test tomorrow and I need to study.
This never would've happened if you'd done it the way I told you to do it.
We'll have a picnic tomorrow, weather permitting, of course.
Tom said he's going to try something he has never done before.
That was weird, wasn't it?
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I'm going to tell you something about Tom that you might not want to hear.
I'm going to tell you something about Tom that you might not want to hear.
I'm going to tell you something about Tom that you might not want to hear.
There's no point talking to you, because you won't do as I say anyway.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
If something goes wrong, you should take care of it at once.
If something goes wrong, you should take care of it at once.
All the houses on my street lost power this morning due to the storm.
I bought flowers because I am going to visit my grandmother this afternoon.
I bought flowers because my grandmother is coming today for a visit.
Tom is three years older than I am, but he's shorter than I am.
If you can use this typewriter perfectly in a month, you may keep it.
Tom found an injured bird in the forest and nursed it back to health.
Tom said that he had a bad headache and needed to lie down.
Tom said that he didn't have enough time to make his own lunch.
Tom found an injured bird in the forest and nursed it back to health.
That's pretty easy to fix.
That didn't use to happen.
I thought that we had agreed not to talk about that anymore.
Reading between the lines, it's clear that Tom isn't having such a good time in his new job.
Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Tom showered Mary with gifts in the early stages of their relationship.
I don't have any plans for tomorrow. I'm going to take it easy.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
I like to feel sad. I know that most people try to avoid any kind of sad feeling. But I think that is wrong.
Good-looking people are good-looking no matter what they wear.
I won!
Begin.
I saw Tom yesterday in a restaurant. He was talking to a girl.
The first gasoline powered automobile was invented in 1886 by Karl Benz.
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.
We humans have a great way of twisting facts to fit our conclusion as soon as we have made one.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
Like most eighteen-year-olds, Tom isn't sure what he wants to do with his life.
Laughter is like a windshield wiper. It can't stop the rain, but it lets you move ahead.
Tom wrote his phone number on a napkin and handed it to Mary.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
Tom is working as a waiter, but he's looking for a better job.
I find it difficult to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
Marcy burst into tears on hearing the news, but soon pulled herself together.
Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't get it.
That's a complex question.
After his near-death experience, Tom was a much more loving and less judgemental person.
Tom could think about nothing but Mary in the early stages of his relationship with her.
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.
Tom could think about nothing but Mary in the early stages of his relationship with her.
When I woke up this morning, both of my parents had gone to work.
You should know by now that I can't speak French very well.
With social media it's possible to find out a lot of information about someone before meeting them.
It was all Tom's idea.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They say that she's a gold digger.
Show me where the pain is.
I feel depressed because there are a lot of things I have to do.
I feel depressed because there are a lot of things I have to do.
These structures would rarely, if ever, occur in spoken English.
I can't remember exactly how old I was when I first met Tom.
A successful business is built on careful financial management.
Police officers installed surveillance cameras outside Tom's office.
The police weren't able to determine which one of the twins had committed the crime.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
The last time our family got together was three Christmases ago.
Wish you were here.
You broke your arm.
Pieces of music played during the broadcast are faded out in the podcast.
Pieces of music played during the broadcast are faded out in the podcast.
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
She finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money.
I could've gone to the seaside, but I went to the mountains instead.
Tom and Mary have known each other since they were kids.
I wish I could be more optimistic, but I don't think things will get better soon.
It's necessary to take correct measurements when you are tailoring a suit.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from the United States.
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.
Tom said that he did nothing wrong and that it wasn't his fault.
The Netherlands is famous for its windmills, tulips, wooden clogs and canals.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out that he was drunk.
The store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other.
The store was so crowded that Tom and Mary lost sight of each other.
She advised him not to use too much salt, but he wouldn't listen to her.
Space travel is dangerous.
It doesn't make much sense to me that I have to pay more income tax than you even though you make more money than I do.
They had decided to put the wedding off until her brother came home from abroad.
I asked Tom how much he thought it would cost to get someone to paint our house.
This would've been your room if you'd decided to stay with us.
There are a lot of stories flying around about why Mary left her husband.
I wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area.
Tom isn't the kind of man who would say that kind of thing.
Tom is the captain of the soccer team and is also on the baseball team.
Tom said it took him a little while to get used to doing this.
Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.
Many foreign language students dream of speaking like a native.
Tom didn't seem very interested in going to the concert with us.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
I finally have enough money to buy Tom that camera he's wanted.
If the universe is full of stars, why doesn't their light continually light up the entire sky?
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
The evening performance at the Royal Theater had ended, and the audience had gone home.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Boston this weekend.
My mother was not feeling any better. If anything, she looked worse.
Why don't we go in?
There's something very strange happening here in our house.
"Did you complete the report I asked you to write?" "No. There was no time."
"Did you complete the report I asked you to write?" "No. There was no time."
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to pay all her bills this month.
She bought him a car, but he didn't have a driver's license so he couldn't drive it anywhere.
Make a copy of your passport and leave the original in a safe at your hotel.
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas.
Sometimes I don't get you.
Sometimes I don't get you.
Sometimes I don't get you.
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he had left the hospital a week before.
We had no choice but to wait for a while until the store opened.
I wanted to tell Tom in person, so I drove over to his house.
There were many signs in the park that said "Keep off the grass."
My mother made me practice the piano every day when I was a kid.
It wouldn't be a good idea to tell Tom what really happened.
Tom wished that his classmates would treat each other with more respect.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
Tom got up on the wrong side of the bed and has been grouchy all day.
Before WWII, the border between Finland and the USSR was near Leningrad.
Tom quit going out with Mary because he didn't like her sense of humor.
Why does ice float?
I'm pretty sure that Tom has already forgotten what I told him yesterday.
I don't have time to do all the things that need to be done.
I hope Tom isn't doing something he isn't supposed to be doing.
She asked him where he lived, but he was too smart to tell her.
You don't seem to have any problem communicating in French.
Mosquitoes are perhaps one of the most dangerous animals in the world.
I had mosquito bites all over my legs when I woke up this morning.
Who's the gorgeous girl I saw wandering around in the mall with you?
If I were you, I'd think twice before going down that path.
She looked after her sister, who was in bed with a bad cold.
You'll probably find walking through that part of town interesting.
Tom's divorce from Mary reportedly cost him more than a million dollars.
I believe the only way to protect my own rights is to protect the rights of others.
Is there such thing as a truly selfless act?
I'm sure Tom will come back as soon as he realizes he left his briefcase here.
People who work longer hours don't always get more work done.
Tom embezzled more than a million dollars from his company.
I'm not a coward, but I'm not stupid either.
He had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan.
Tom didn't think what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
Tom didn't think what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom forgot to turn off the microphone when he turned to say something to Mary.
I don't know if you've noticed, but Tom seems to have fallen in love with your daughter.
I certainly had no idea Tom was planning to move to Boston.
Tom said that he and Mary were planning to visit Australia next year.
If only you knew how much I do to keep this roof over our heads.
Tom tells everyone that he can't speak French, but that's not true.
I have to buy food and drinks for the party we're giving this evening.
Tom's a very pessimistic person and always sees the negative side of any situation.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had bought a book was.
When I was three years old my name Tom was changed to John.
Everybody makes mistakes. That's why they put erasers on pencils.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of mountain tomorrow.
However cold it may be, he still jogs 20 kilometers every day.
Some people like classical music, while others like popular music.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go to Boston with John.
If Tom hadn't eaten the mushrooms he found in the woods, he'd be alive now.
You are welcome to the use of our house while we are away on vacation.
That's a bunch of hogwash.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
It only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here.
It may not be the best wine there is. It's pretty good, though.
I heard they found a skeleton buried in the basement of a house on Park Street.
You must have been surprised to meet me in such a place the other day.
You must have been surprised to meet me in such a place the other day.
You must have been surprised to meet me in such a place the other day.
It'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death.
Tom spends all day speaking French at school and only speaks English at home.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going, but he had a good idea where she might be going.
I need to figure out what I'm doing wrong.
Some rich guy from Boston just bought the house next to mine.
I couldn't afford it. In other words, I was too poor to buy it.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
The first spacecraft from Earth to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.
Saturn isn’t the only planet to have rings, but it has the most beautiful ones.
I've always gotten along very well with Tom.
I want to have this letter translated into English by tomorrow.
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.
In the summer, the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees Celsius.
People who are afraid of making mistakes will make no progress in English conversation.
Lincoln is one of the greatest figures in American history.
I'm talking about this pen, not that one over there on the desk.
It's at least three hundred miles from here.
Tom successfully convinced many people that he possessed paranormal powers.
Tom and Mary gave exactly the same answers on the test which made the teacher suspicious.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
Tom has been going out with Mary ever since they met at a fourth of July picnic last summer.
I only talked to Tom when there was no one else to talk to.
Tom brought home a basket full of plums that he had picked himself.
I'm driving to Boston tomorrow to visit Tom.
Tom was beaten up when he came to the aid of one of his friends who was being bullied.
Do you remember the time we went to the zoo together when we were kids?
Do you remember the time we went to the zoo together when we were kids?
Tom and Mary gave exactly the same answers on the test which made the teacher suspicious.
Somebody stole it from me.
The heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us.
I have been deceived by the man who I thought was my best friend.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
Tom has gotten better at playing the clarinet since I last heard him play.
Tom has gotten better at playing the clarinet since I last heard him play.
The ozone layer helps protect us from ultraviolet radiation from the sun.
After a long day at work, nothing is better than a good night's sleep.
I've asked you several times not to do that.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
The devil always finds a way to make something bad even worse.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
I wanted to play tag with the other children, but they wouldn't let me.
Only one student stayed after class to talk to the teacher.
Tom said he thought it could happen in Boston, too.
That'll happen eventually.
I'm sorry to say I don't remember your name.
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
I don't understand what you find so interesting about squirrels.
I don't understand what you find so interesting about squirrels.
I don't understand what you find so interesting about squirrels.
I'll never forget what Tom told me that day.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes medieval music.
Tom tried to make sure that every employee was treated with respect.
Tom tried to make sure that every employee was treated with respect.
"There must be something wrong with me." "Why do you say that?"
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.
That topic comes up often.
That doesn't belong to us.
That shop closed in 2013.
That store closed in 2013.
Many questions came up about the quality of the new product.
Tom doesn't like swimming in pools. He prefers swimming in lakes and rivers.
The year after I graduated from college, I was finally able to find a job.
Apart from a few minor mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Tom was stabbed with a kitchen knife, but he's going to be OK.
We're having difficulty finding someone who'll lend us the money we need.
I think the reason Tom is so good at French is that he watches a lot of French movies.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the hardest.
Someone told me that Albert Einstein said, "Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
The hospital quarantined the infected patients to avoid cross infection.
It will rain on and off today, so you'd better take your umbrella.
It will rain on and off today, so you'd better take your umbrella.
That ball could've hit me.
Someone parked in my spot.
Tom and Mary were here earlier, but now they've disappeared.
I'm of the opinion that he should apologize to his teacher.
I'm of the opinion that he should apologize to his teacher.
They haven't yet resolved their problems, but at least they're discussing them.
I want to see if I can find out what happened to those men.
The other day you said you lost your umbrella. Did you ever find it?
You should never make big life decisions when you're emotional.
Some people can't do that.
It smells bad in here.
That class had a substitute teacher for the first week of school.
Defence alliances are an essential part of German security policy.
I feel like a kid who suddenly realizes that Santa Claus doesn't exist.
I'm sure it would mean a lot to Tom if you'd visit him in the hospital.
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
Many minority groups have been discriminated against in the past.
As a result of always being hungry and fatigued, that dog finally died.
If he had not worked hard, he would have failed the examination.
If he had not worked hard, he would have failed the examination.
This is a difficult problem, and it is not easy for anyone to decide.
To give up smoking is not easy, but you should for the sake of your health.
To give up smoking is not easy, but you should for the sake of your health.
He often shuts himself up in the study and writes things like this.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
Tom used the new knife Mary had given him to cut the vegetables.
This kind of blouse is beginning to look a bit old-fashioned.
Tom became disillusioned after working on Wall Street for a few years.
Tom said he saw something suspicious the morning Mary died.
I'm serious when I say if you'll learn how to cook, I'll marry you.
I'm serious when I say if you'll learn how to cook, I'll marry you.
The United States faced a Bubonic plague epidemic at the beginning of the twentieth century.
Her husband's success hasn't affected her attitude toward old friends.
The moment I walked into the room, I knew something was wrong.
We are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
If he had given up smoking then, he might not be suffering from such a disease.
Tom poured some milk from the bottle into a bowl for his cat.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly 50 million people around the world.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly 50 million people around the world.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly 50 million people around the world.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly 50 million people around the world.
Tom's been meaning to clean out his badly cluttered garage for years.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left in his garage.
There's a time and a place for everything. Now is neither the time nor the place.
You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
If you had to do it all over again, what would you do differently?
I'll guarantee that you'll enjoy this movie.
We need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
My daughter never fails to write to me at least once a week.
Though grammatically there is nothing wrong with this sentence, I doubt if anyone would actually ever use it.
You would've gotten away with it if Tom hadn't told on you.
Tom wondered how long it would be before Mary realized that John wasn't coming back.
Tom said to meet him at the little restaurant across from the post office.
Tom put some water into the kettle and put it on the stove.
I just took it for granted that you would always be there for me no matter what.
I don't want to go anywhere today. It's cold outside and I have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that there was something wrong.
All you had to do was ask and I would have lent you as much money as you needed.
It sounds interesting.
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
I suggested to her that we go to the movies after he came home.
On my way home, I could not stop thinking about what had happened.
I don't want to do what I'm planning to do, but I have no choice.
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
I was allowed to go there on condition that I came back by five o'clock.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
Tom doesn't like to ask for help from people he doesn't know.
Tom hit the nail on the head when he said our team lacks enthusiasm and motivation.
Tom tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
Boredom, routine, and lack of curiosity are the greatest enemies of our brain.
People living in this area are dying because of the lack of water.
Nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean, safe water.
Apparently, Tom was already famous before he released that album.
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.
I don't often go to Boston, but every time I do, I enjoy it a lot.
In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children.
I don't think Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
The waitress flirted with Tom thinking that he'd leave her a larger tip.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Rt. 19.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
She sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals.
Tom said he knew where Mary had hidden the money she had stolen.
Tom told Mary he wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
So, are you just going to sit there, or are you going to help us?
Tom said, "You can kiss your girlfriend goodbye if you don't kiss her goodbye," which meant, "If you don't kiss your girlfriend goodbye, then you'll never see her again."
I think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
Instead of giving each other Christmas presents this year, we donated the amount we would have spent on presents to a charity.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
We should spend our time creating content for our website rather than wasting time worrying about minor cosmetic details.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom was not aware that he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
Tom isn't your average guy. He doesn't like things most guys like and he doesn't like to do things most men enjoy doing.
We talked to each other in French since we thought people around us wouldn't be able to understand what we were saying.
I had never eaten any kind of Thai food, so I was pretty excited about going to a Thai restaurant with my grandmother.
Tom said he wasn't interested in Mary, but he seemed to always be looking towards the side of the room where she was.
Tom didn't know the meaning of "anglophobia," so he did a quick web search to see if he could find out what it meant.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
Tom told me that he often drinks root beer, but he'd not only never drunk spruce beer, he'd never even heard of it.
Tom's constant arguing irritates some of his classmates. However, most of the class has just learned to ignore him.
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Everybody has a right to his own opinion. However, sometimes it's better not to tell anybody what that opinion is.
I understand that Tom is on a tight schedule, but I'd really appreciate it if I could get an appointment with him.
According to the thermometer, it's about thirty degrees, but it's really humid so it feels much hotter than that.
Tom and Mary went on a cruise near Italy for their honeymoon, but the ship sank and Tom was drowned in his cabin.
I came here to see if there was something I could do to help, but there doesn't seem to be anything for me to do.
The police suspected there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away.
Even though Tom told Mary about his problem, he didn't want to listen to any advice she had on how to solve it.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I've heard that if you drink beer you are more likely to be bitten by mosquitoes than if you don't drink beer.
Eight years ago, we were in the early stages of what would become the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.
If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
I don't think it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
Someone told me that people with type O blood attract more mosquitoes than people with any other blood type.
I asked Tom what he was listening to and he surprised me by saying that he was listening to classical music.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit to Mary that he had once been part of a terrorist group.
It may seem like Tom has forgotten all about the matter, but deep down inside, he's still torn up about it.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, I don't think you can call it love.
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like living in the same house as us.
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like living in the same house as us.
Tom couldn't hear what the teacher was saying because all of the other students were making so much noise.
Tom wondered if Mary would think that eight in the morning was too early for him to open a bottle of wine.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others.
Since there are rice paddies near my house, I often hear frogs croaking all night long this time of year.
Tom and Mary went on a safari and saw many animals, such as lions, giraffes, zebras, and hippopotamuses.
If Tom had been able to speak French better, he would've been able to tell everybody how he really felt.
If Tom would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like him a bit more.
If you'd told me about it earlier, I could've been free. However, tomorrow I have plans to go back home.
Tom is the type of person who always demands that something be done rather than request that it be done.
Tom and Mary don't have much time to talk together. Their children are always demanding their attention.
Tom and Mary don't have much time to talk together. Their children are always demanding their attention.
Tom thinks he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
If you'd listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says, you'd probably be able to understand.
There were three hundred cardboard boxes filled with old clothes ready to be sent to the disaster area.
Tom put a Band-Aid over his small tattoo of a spider so he would be allowed into a Japanese hot spring.
Tom didn't have any hard evidence, but he thought Mary was the one who stole his mother's diamond ring.
Tom sprang out of bed, threw on some clothes, ate breakfast and was out of the door within ten minutes.
It's very unlikely that the teacher will believe Tom's excuse for not having his homework done on time.
A young boy, who couldn't have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
A young boy, who couldn't have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
Tom rolled out of bed at 6:30, shuffled into the kitchen and put two slices of bread into the toaster.
There have been a lot of complaints from students about the amount of homework that Mr. Jackson gives.
Tom wondered why many people in America think that baseball is more interesting to watch than soccer.
I'll be playing tennis with Tom this afternoon, but it's not something I'm really looking forward to.
Tom did everything within his power to keep Mary from being elected president of the student council.
Tom did everything within his power to keep Mary from being elected president of the student council.
I looked in my closet for something to wear, but couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
I think it's unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
Tom is going to be mad at Mary when he finds out that she forgot to do what she was supposed to do.
Tom was sitting alone at a private table eating the most expensive meal that the restaurant served.
Tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building.
Tom thinks there's a good possibility that Mary will agree to babysit the children on Friday night.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think it was a good idea for her to go jogging in the park by herself.
Even though Tom begged Mary not to go, she left with the children and went to live with her mother.
I wanted to know if you'd heard anything about what's going to be discussed at tomorrow's meeting.
The bar where Tom works lost its license because they had been selling alcoholic drinks to minors.
Tom told Mary that he thought a hippopotamus could run at a speed of about 30 kilometers per hour.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
Tom was staring at Mary who was sitting on the school bus that was parked in front of the school.
Tom can't go out drinking with the guys tonight. He has to stay home and take care of his mother.
She advised him to visit Boston, because she thought it was the most beautiful city in the world.
Mozart wrote brilliant, complex musical compositions as easily as you or I would write a letter.
You know that your French is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your French is.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Boston with us, but he said he had other things he had to do.
After Tom had eaten all the popcorn in the bowl, he went back into the kitchen to pop some more.
I wanted to ask Tom how much he paid for his new house, but Mary told me that would be impolite.
Tom adapted last year's lesson plans so he could use them with this year's lower level students.
I thought doing this would be easy, but we've been working all day and we're still not finished.
I thought a bunch of people would go water skiing with us, but absolutely no one else showed up.
How many times have I told you not to bring people over without asking for my permission first?
How many times have I told you not to bring people over without asking for my permission first?
How many times have I told you not to bring people over without asking for my permission first?
Even though Tom didn't want to go to the party, he went because he thought he'd see Mary there.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
If I learn to play the washboard and you learn to play the kazoo, maybe we can join a jug band.
Tom could hear a commotion in front of his house, so he went outside to see what was happening.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it. However, some people think that Mary could do it, too.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.
Tom was unaware of some errors he had made when translating an important document for his boss.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did it.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did it.
Mary waited years for Tom to get out of prison and was very happy when he finally got released.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960's.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960's.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960's.
The students who are occupying the administration building have threatened to kill themselves.
The police will be very interested to learn that you're keeping Tom locked up in the basement.
The police will be very interested to learn that you're keeping Tom locked up in the basement.
The police will be very interested to learn that you're keeping Tom locked up in the basement.
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.
Tom and Mary and their children all live together in a small house on the outskirts of Boston.
I still have a scar on my left leg from a car accident I was in when I was thirteen years old.
I had about a minute until the train left, so I didn't have time to explain why I was leaving.
Tom told the children that they could stay in this room as long as they didn't make any noise.
Tom called Mary to ask her whether she wanted him to buy some bread on his way home from work.
Tom didn't seem inclined to elaborate and I didn't really want to know all the details anyway.
Tom agreed to marry that man's daughter with the promise that he'd inherit the man's business.
I think if I talked more often with a native speaker, my English skills would improve quickly.
On Friday evenings, a group of us with spouses working overseas meet at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
It's my fault that the cake was burned. I was talking on the phone and didn't notice the time.
Memorizing the order of a deck of playing cards is definitely not easy, but it's not impossible.
The burning of coal is responsible for more than 40% of Australia's greenhouse gas emissions.
No one would've remembered Tom if he hadn't painted his name on the ceiling of the classroom.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Tom wondered what Mary would say if she knew he had spent the past week in Boston with Alice.
While Tom was away from his desk, Mary drew a caricature of him on the cover of his notebook.
Tom would have liked to attend Mary's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom tasted the popcorn and decided it wasn't salty enough, so he sprinkled on some more salt.
It may seem like just a little thing to you, but Tom is really worried about the whole thing.
I never thought this rubber band would come in handy when I put it in my pocket this morning.
I just want to let you know that I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I don't think it makes him a bad person just because he's decided he likes to eat horse meat.
After school, Tom usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn't want to go home.
Tom looked through all his desk drawers, but he still couldn't find what he was looking for.
I don't know if you've noticed or not, but Tom hasn't been getting to work on time recently.
I don't know if you've noticed or not, but Tom hasn't been getting to work on time recently.
I don't know if you've noticed or not, but Tom hasn't been getting to work on time recently.
Tom has been doing a pretty good job of eluding the police, but eventually he'll get caught.
One thing Tom does that isn't very safe is that he uses the same password for every website.
Tom thought the music was too loud, but he was too tired to get up and turn the volume down.
Innovations will be grossly overestimated at first, but grossly underestimated in the long run.
Since the Industrial Revolution, the world population has more than tripled.
The police detective said that all of the doors and windows were locked from the inside.
You're not as beautiful as my ex-girlfriend, but you're a lot more fun to hang out with.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I think Tom understands that if he wants my help, all he needs to do is ask for it.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I don't know what else Tom told you, but I do know he doesn't always tell the truth.
I don't know what else Tom told you, but I do know he doesn't always tell the truth.
I don't know what else Tom told you, but I do know he doesn't always tell the truth.
Some people say that French is one of the most beautiful languages in the world.
Mary is really great. She cooked a wonderful meal for me and even washed the dishes herself.
My parents said they have already purchased most of their Christmas presents online.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I've studied French for a long time, I'm still not very good at speaking it.
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what in the world he's doing.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
Let's talk about ways that we might prevent this from happening again in the future.
Is it true that illegal immigrants are taking jobs away from citizens who want them?
Tom claims he doesn't watch much TV, but he watches more than three hours every day.
Tom thought where he put his gold coins was the perfect hiding place. However, he was wrong.
Tom believes it's absolutely necessary to drink at least a liter of water every day.
Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.
Tom bought an engagement ring for Mary with money he inherited from his grandfather.
Tom doesn't have many clothes. That's why you always see him wearing the same thing.
Tom thought it was a good idea to take advantage of the opportunity that Mary had given him.
Tom is usually the last to leave, but last night Mary left ten minutes after he did.
Tom laughed at some of Mary's jokes, but he thought some of them weren't very funny.
Tom shaved off his beard and dyed his hair blonde, hoping people wouldn't recognize him.
Tom and Mary adopted two children whose parents had been killed by a suicide bomber.
Tom and Mary shared an umbrella. However, it wasn't big enough and they both got wet.
Tom had been released from the hospital, but he was still recovering from the gunshot wound.
Tom warned Mary that John was nothing but trouble. However, she ignored his warning.
Tom wants Mary to know that if she ever needs help, all she has to do is ask him for it.
Many parents think it's important for their children to learn how to speak French.
I had to attend a meeting so I couldn't make it in time to pick Tom up after school.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he wouldn't eat when he's sober.
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
After I got married, my French got better since I started speaking French with my wife.
All I can think about is next month's vacation. I haven't been on one in so long.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online.
As Tom and Mary spent time together, they began to get to know each other better.
By the time Tom got to the bus stop, the bus he was planning to take had already left.
By the time Tom realized what was going on, the police had already arrested Mary.
Contact your local police if you have any information on Tom Jackson's whereabouts.
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do it correctly.
Even though it's against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm still not sure I really understand it.
Even though Tom has had way too much to drink already, he's ordering another drink.
Even though Tom just had his fortieth birthday, I don't think he's over the hill yet.
Even though Tom just had his fortieth birthday, I don't think he's over the hill yet.
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Generally speaking, men find it more difficult to talk about their feelings than women.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
I called my boss in Boston and he said I could stay in Chicago for another week.
I could have stayed a while longer, but I was getting tired, so I decided to leave.
I don't know when it'll be fixed, but I'm sure either Tom or Mary will fix it fairly soon.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I doubt that Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
I figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I guess this is how things are going to be from now on, so we'd better get used to it.
I guess this is how things are going to be from now on, so we'd better get used to it.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I was caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
I had more questions, but Tom seemed to be tired of my questions, so I didn't ask them.
I had more questions, but Tom seemed to be tired of my questions, so I didn't ask them.
I have to be honest. I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I heard that Tom had been smuggling drugs into America for years before he got caught.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I imagine that Tom will eventually convince Mary to let him buy a new motorcycle.
I imagine that Tom will eventually find out that Mary has been talking behind his back.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, but I'd love to go out with you.
I met Tom before I graduated from high school, but didn't meet Mary until many years later.
I never for a moment imagined I'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house.
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I now live in Boston in the US, but I plan to go back to Japan before the end of the year.
I now live in Boston in the US, but I plan to go back to Japan before the end of the year.
I now live in Boston in the US, but I plan to go back to Japan before the end of the year.
I see you have your guitar with you. Are you planning on playing something for us?
I see you have your guitar with you. Are you planning on playing something for us?
I shoot the rabbits in my garden with a squirt gun to keep them away from the vegetables.
I shoot the rabbits in my garden with a squirt gun to keep them away from the vegetables.
I spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week.
I spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you about your relationship with Tom.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you about your relationship with Tom.
I think I can speak French well enough to say pretty much anything I want to say.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I think Mary was the prettiest girl in our class when we were in the third grade.
I think Mary was the prettiest girl in our class when we were in the third grade.
I think we should all be worried a little bit about the way Tom has been acting lately.
I told Tom the reason I didn't want to do it was that I didn't think it was a good idea.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wish I could figure out how to get my car painted without paying a lot of money.
I wish I was smart enough to invent something that sold well enough for me to get rich.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
I'd rather not waste my time trying to learn a language that I don't need to know.
I'm beginning to believe that we'll never be able to convince Tom that he's wrong.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Boston is call home.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Boston is call home.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Boston is call home.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Boston is call home.
I'm reading things like famous novels which have been rewritten in simplified French.
I've been trying to explain to Tom that he can't keep coming in here without permission.
I've got better things to do with my time than to sit here and listen to you complain.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
If I'd studied French harder when I was in school, I'd probably not be so bad at it now.
If you want to really improve your French, you should move to a country where it's spoken.
If you want to really improve your French, you should move to a country where it's spoken.
If you want to talk to Tom about this, let me know and I'll give you his number.
In retrospect, Tom realized he shouldn't have been dating both sisters at the same time.
It took me three trips to the supermarket to buy everything we needed for tonight's party.
It'll take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself.
Make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around Christmas.
Most people who hear Tom speaking French would never guess that he wasn't a native speaker.
My father always speaks to me in French and my mother always speaks to me in English.
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot up until about three years ago.
My mother always told me I would be able do anything I wanted to do if I put my mind to it.
No matter how many people tell Tom he made a mistake, he still insists he's right.
Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun.
Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun.
Our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen.
People say that I dream every night, but if I do, I can't ever remember any of my dreams.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage, but he said that he was too busy to help.
She spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window.
Since I have no children, I have more time to spend doing volunteer work than parents do.
Since Tom couldn't make a decent living as a nightclub musician, he had to get a day job.
Since Tom is leaving for Boston tomorrow, today is our last chance to give this to him.
Some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients.
Sometimes you don't need to speak the same language in order to understand each other.
Sooner or later, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
The bartender walked over to where Tom was sitting and asked him what he wanted to drink.
The bomb blew Tom's house to smithereens. Fortunately, he wasn't at home at the time.
The cake is in the oven now and it should be ready to come out in about ten minutes.
The cake is in the oven now and it should be ready to come out in about ten minutes.
The company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
The guy driving the truck that crashed into our car didn't have a driver's license.
The guy driving the truck that crashed into our car didn't have a driver's license.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
The library near my house is now open only three days a week due to budget cutbacks.
The more time I spend doing this, the less time I have to do things I enjoy doing.
The more time you spend talking about what you do, the less time you have to do it.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever wanted to try to do was to hold a poisonous snake.
The police spent hours searching Tom's place, but they couldn't find the murder weapon.
The police thought the victim was Tom, but they were unable to identify the body.
The police will release the victim's name after they have notified his next of kin.
The teacher claimed that he'd have us all speaking fluent French in three months.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance that Tom will be elected.
There is a sewing machine and an ironing board in the room where Tom used to sleep.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
There was something I needed to get at the supermarket, but I forgot to pick it up.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
They took Tom to the hospital to have his stomach pumped because he ate something poisonous.
To put it bluntly, the reason this team won't win is because you're holding them back.
Tom added his own name to the list of people who wanted to take part in the dance.
Tom and Mary couldn't talk to each other then because they didn't speak a common language.
Tom and Mary have been too busy fighting to notice how much they actually like each other.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston and got married after knowing each other only a few weeks.
Tom and Mary were friends in high school and started dating a few years after graduating.
Tom and Mary were walking down the path with fishing poles slung over their shoulders.
Tom asked Mary about the traffic accident she was involved in when she was five years old.
Tom ate at a new restaurant the other day, but he doesn't remember the restaurant's name.
Tom began reading that book three weeks ago and he still has only read less than half of it.
Tom began working as a volunteer at the homeless shelter while he was still in high school.
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom bought a bunch of inexpensive cameras to give to children who lived in his neighborhood.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a new computer now or wait for a couple of more months.
Tom can't help wondering whether he would have been better off if he had gone to college.
Tom can't help wondering whether he would have been better off if he had gone to college.
Tom can't quite believe that Mary is really going on a date with him this Friday night.
Tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow.
Tom certainly had a point when he said we should allow more time to complete the project.
Tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in Boston.
Tom certainly looked and sounded better than he did last month when we visited him.
Tom certainly should be careful not to make Mary angry when she's holding a knife.
Tom certainly wouldn't be anywhere near as rich as he is if he hadn't married Mary.
Tom claimed that he didn't know his beach house was being used for illegal activities.
Tom clearly hopes that Mary won't notice that he broke one of her expensive teacups.
Tom contacted me the other day asking me if I'd play guitar for a charity concert.
Tom could hardly believe his ears when he heard that Mary was coming back home to stay.
Tom could have paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
Tom could have paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
Tom could tell by the smile on Mary's face that she had had a good time at the party.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he might be laid off from work.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he was going to get drafted.
Tom couldn't go on the picnic with us today because he had an important business meeting.
Tom couldn't persuade his classmates to change their minds about postponing the dance.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to take the medicine the doctor had given him.
Tom decided that we should put the canoe inside the house until the storm passed.
Tom decided to try trimming his beard with a knife, but he wasn't very successful.
Tom did everything he could to stop Mary from doing what she was planning to do.
Tom didn't buy anything at that store because he thought the prices were too high.
Tom didn't need to look at the menu because he'd been to that restaurant many times before.
Tom didn't need to look at the menu because he'd been to that restaurant many times before.
Tom didn't think he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't want to hear about all of Mary's problems, but he sat quietly and listened.
Tom didn't want to waste any more time calculating how much time had been wasted.
Tom doesn't think there is any advantage of doing it the way you suggest we do it.
Tom entered the empty room and immediately noticed a lit cigarette in the ashtray.
Tom eventually figured out how to install a free database application on his computer.
Tom followed Mary into the kitchen, picked up a knife and threatened her with it.
Tom got his learner's permit yesterday, so he's out with his father practicing driving.
Tom got stuck with the whole bill when he went out drinking with Mary and her friends.
Tom got stuck with the whole bill when he went out drinking with Mary and her friends.
Tom had his ear pressed to the door, trying to hear what was going on in the next room.
Tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
Tom is a high school history teacher and a part-time harmonica player in a blues band.
Tom is the first guy Mary has really been interested in since she broke up with John.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven one of those really big trucks.
Tom kept tailgating the car in front of us even though I told him it was unsafe to do so.
Tom knew it was going to be tough to convince Mary that she was too old to drive.
Tom likes both Mary and Alice and can't decide who to ask to the dance this weekend.
Tom looked hot and tired, so I offered him a cold drink and told him to sit down and rest.
Tom makes way too many snide remarks. That's perhaps why he doesn't have very many friends.
Tom offered to carry Mary's suitcase, but she told him she wanted to carry it herself.
Tom pleaded guilty to drunken driving and his driver's license was suspended for six months.
Tom pulled out some necklaces from his bag and told Mary to choose the one she liked.
Tom pulled out some necklaces from his bag and told Mary to choose the one she liked.
Tom put up with the pain for a couple of weeks before finally going to the hospital.
Tom remembers telling Mary the story about how he had escaped from being eaten by cannibals.
Tom says he told the police officer that he was just there to take some pictures.
Tom shouted at the top of his lungs so Mary could hear him over the sound of the waterfall.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment wondering if there was something she wasn't telling him.
Tom still rides the bicycle that his parents gave him when he was thirteen years old.
Tom thought he could reach the airport on time if he drove a little over the speed limit.
Tom thought it would be a good idea to start a website that sold nothing but popcorn.
Tom thought it would be a good idea to start a website that sold nothing but popcorn.
Tom thought that there was a good chance that it was Mary who had stolen the painting.
Tom thought the teacher had given him way too much homework to finish in one day.
Tom thought there should be a limit on how much money his wife should be allowed to spend.
Tom told everyone that he thought Mary would make a good wife for someone someday.
Tom told Mary that he was going to kill himself, but he didn't have the courage to do it.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able finish the job in the amount of time she'd given him.
Tom told the police that Mary had eaten at the restaurant in question before she died.
Tom told the police that Mary had eaten at the restaurant in question before she died.
Tom took me to a restaurant where you can eat as much as you want for thirty dollars.
Tom usually sits at the kitchen table and eats cereal while reading the morning paper.
Tom walked over to the woman with a drink in her hand and asked her what her name was.
Tom walked over to the woman with a drink in her hand and asked her what her name was.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John about the problem she was having with his children.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John about the problem she was having with his children.
Tom wanted to cut down that tree in his front yard, but Mary doesn't want it cut down.
Tom wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I told him not to.
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
Tom was drinking at a bar with Mary at the time the police think that John was murdered.
Tom was sentenced to five days in jail and a year on probation for drunken driving.
Tom wasn't wearing a wedding ring, but Mary noticed a white circle on his ring finger.
Tom wears a modified fishing vest to hold all his harmonicas when he performs on stage.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are friends. They've known each other since they were children.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are friends. They've known each other since they were children.
Tom's lawyer didn't think that the jury would think that Mary was a reliable witness.
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
Tom's muscles were tired and he wanted to get home and soak in a hot bath for a while.
Tom's parents allow him to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
Tom's parents sent him to Boston because he kept getting into trouble in Chicago.
We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need.
We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't want it anymore.
We learned how to read French in school, but didn't really learn how to speak it.
We were worried that Tom might not make friends in Boston, but he seems to be doing OK.
Were you able to make it to the station on time to catch the first train this morning?
When Tom comes to Boston, he usually stays at a hotel, but sometimes he stays with us.
When Tom looked down at the apple he was eating, he realized that he had eaten half a worm.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
When Tom was a child, he went to Boston every summer to stay with his grandparents.
Whether you're able to speak French or not is completely irrelevant to this conversation.
You don't have to paint the kitchen yellow. You can paint it any color you want.
You should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life.
When Tom was a child, he went to Boston every summer to stay with his grandparents.
We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
Tom says that he and Mary have played chess together many times.
Tom and Mary were sent to the principal's office for passing notes in class.
The teacher confiscated the note and read it aloud in front of the entire class.
The pilot of an airliner is responsible for the safety of passengers.
I can vouch for Tom's work. He is really good at what he does.
Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for tonight's special guest!
Providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century's biggest challenge.
Tom might have survived if the paramedics had gotten there faster.
Do you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourself?
This old French table is a very valuable piece of furniture.
You're really handy, aren't you? Don't you think you'd make a good house-husband?
Is it necessary to live in a French-speaking country to become fluent in French?
I'd like to buy the car you're selling, but I don't have enough money right now.
I checked and rechecked, so I don't think there are any mistakes on that report.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my presentation.
What I really want is for Tom to teach me how to play a few chords on my guitar.
I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice.
I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice.
I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice.
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
I imagine that Tom will eventually figure out that Mary doesn't really like him.
I would never have guessed that Tom and Mary would fall in love with each other.
Tom spent all afternoon at the airport watching the airplanes land and take off.
Tom suggested that Mary should resign from her current job and find another one.
Tom told Mary that it wasn't a good idea to have money just sitting in the bank.
You could search the world over and never find another man more honest than Tom.
Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it's probably OK to ask her out on a date.
Tom was going to be transferred to Boston, but they decided to fire him instead.
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
Tom served five days in jail last year after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they'll get confiscated.
If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they'll get confiscated.
He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth.
The desire to fly in the sky like a bird inspired the invention of the airplane.
If students today had more free time, they might show more interest in politics.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore.
If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt that his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he could give.
Tom told Mary that he thought it wouldn't be good if she went there by herself.
Tom and Mary will be celebrating their thirtieth wedding anniversary on Monday.
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.
The improvements we've made on the assembly line could eventually lower prices.
Both Tom and Mary have Boston addresses, even though they don't live there now.
The doctor said he was more concerned about Tom's ankle than his broken finger.
Tickets are $30, parking is free and children under ten receive free admission.
Tom wondered what Mary would say when she found out he'd spent all their money.
Tom noticed Mary's bracelet on her desk and wondered why she wasn't wearing it.
I'm sure you're aware that you'll be the only one there who can't speak French.
I'm sure you're aware that you'll be the only one there who can't speak French.
I think what impressed me most was the way Tom could talk to just about anyone.
We found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints.
Tom is so old that even the oldest in the village first knew him as an old man.
Tom didn't want to encourage Mary to do anything that might get her in trouble.
I want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot.
Do you want a second opinion? I can get another doctor to come here right away.
Do you want a second opinion? I can get another doctor to come here right away.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children.
It's OK with me if we barbecue, but I don't like it when smoke gets in my eyes.
One afternoon in late spring, Tom went out for a swim and was never seen again.
Tom emptied the water out of the bottle before he refilled it with fresh water.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom got out in front of the library and waited while Mary went to park the car.
Tom began to look into the problem as soon as Mary brought it to his attention.
Tom promised Mary that he'd pay back all the money that he'd borrowed from her.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't.
I didn't think Tom would make it through the night, so I stayed by his bedside.
Tom admitted that he didn't eat the cake that his girlfriend had baked for him.
Tom apologized to the families of the victims for the explosion at the factory.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
Tom had a lot on his mind, so he wasn't paying enough attention to his driving.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
In the 1960's, Japanese college students demonstrated against their government.
Tom broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before Christmas.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
The crash at the intersection in front of the post office killed three people.
The crash at the intersection in front of the post office killed three people.
I was too short to reach the top shelf, so I asked Tom to get the book for me.
Tom described Mary quite well, so it was easy to recognize her when I saw her.
The computer that Tom's father gave him when he was thirteen is still working.
I have trouble seeing the blackboard from the seat the teacher assigned to me.
I have trouble seeing the blackboard from the seat the teacher assigned to me.
If you have a fever, it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away.
If you have a fever, it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away.
Tom's mother used to wash his clothes for him, but now he washes them himself.
The police officer checked to see if the body lying on the ground had a pulse.
Tom wasn't looking at Mary, but he was listening to everything she was saying.
Tom and Mary are still in their offices. Both of them plan to work late today.
I know you well enough to know that you didn't really want to go out with Tom.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I think the first thing you might want to do is put some gasoline in your car.
I think the first thing you might want to do is put some gasoline in your car.
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
Tom didn't seem surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom became a little concerned when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that Mary had killed herself.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to deal with that problem this afternoon.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
Tom was afraid that Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation.
Tom isn't alone in thinking that Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
I still think it's unlikely that we'll find any evidence to prove Tom's guilt.
Tom called the students back into the room to tell them about the plane crash.
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.
Tom can't afford to eat at that kind of restaurant so let's go somewhere else.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
I saw three sets of footprints in the snow from the road up to my front door.
People who laugh a lot are much happier than those who don't laugh very much.
Remember to check to make sure the gas has been turned off before you go out.
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.
The best way to get better at French is to speak French with native speakers.
Tom won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks it would be a good idea to get there early.
This isn't the first time that Tom has spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
According to the police, Tom wasn't the only one who broke into Mary's house.
Sometimes you don't have to speak the same language to understand each other.
Tom wondered why Mary had written his name on the back cover of her notebook.
Tom has three sisters. One lives in Boston and the other two live in Chicago.
Tom has two brothers. One lives in Boston and the other one lives in Chicago.
Everyone rushed over to the other side of the ship to see what was happening.
Tom plans to go to Boston as soon as he can after his summer vacation begins.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.
I wanted Tom to take some aspirin, but he said he didn't think it would help.
You can say anything you want about me, but don't say anything bad about Tom.
Tom wanted me to tell you that no matter what happens, he'll always love you.
I wanted to have lunch with Tom tomorrow, but he told me he'd be out of town.
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
Don't you want all your friends to come to your party and celebrate with you?
I thought for a moment Tom was really going to tell Mary about what happened.
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
Tom wanted to get in a little target practice before he went into the office.
Tom stared at the envelope in Mary's hand, wondering who the letter was from.
Tom was supposed to help me paint the barn yesterday, but he never showed up.
Tom pretended that it didn't matter to him that Mary was going out with John.
Tom pretended that it didn't matter to him that Mary was going out with John.
We had hoped some students would come, but there was no one in the classroom.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will eat the sandwich you made for him.
Years ago, when Tom's children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.
I imagine that Tom will eventually run out of money and have to go back home.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to earn enough money to support his large family.
Tom bought a bucket of extra-spicy fried chicken and a container of coleslaw.
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.
Tom claims that he can taste the difference between these two brands of salt.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that someone had lit his house on fire.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be sensible to try to cross the old rope bridge.
Tom decided to go ahead and ask Mary the question he had been wanting to ask.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to go out with him, but he didn't have the courage to.
Tom wanted to give Mary a chance to explain why she hadn't yet done the work.
What proof do you have that Tom was the one who stole your mother's necklace?
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
Tom spent the better part of the day writing an article for a local magazine.
Tom was reasonably certain that Mary had stolen his grandfather's gold watch.
Tom and Mary were about to sit down for dinner when John knocked on the door.
It seems that Tom had planned to give Mary the loan she had been looking for.
Mary dreamed that one day she would meet a prince and they would get married.
Tom finally realized that Mary was never going to consider him her boyfriend.
Tom ignored Mary almost all day, but finally talked to her just after dinner.
Tom lied about his age, so Mary thought he was much older than he really was.
Tom told me that he could see no reason why he shouldn't accept Mary's offer.
Tom wondered if he should pretend to appreciate the dinner Mary made for him.
Before the crash, Tom had been hoping to become a professional tennis player.
If only I'd listened to what Tom said, I wouldn't be in this kind of trouble.
In the early afternoon, Tom decided that he just had to get out of the house.
I wish I could figure out how to finish this project without asking for help.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be singled out for a full body search.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be able to meet so many famous people.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
Tom would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
Tom would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
It's been raining heavily since this morning, so I don't want to go anywhere.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
What should we do with people who are very sick or hurt and can't get better?
We'll be broke soon if we don't stop spending money on things we don't need.
I wanted to go to Boston with Tom, but he said he didn't want to go with me.
Try to speak French as often as possible if you want to improve your French.
Make sure you check all the pockets for tissues before washing your clothes.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
If Tom spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand him better.
Tom shouldn't have written his password on the inside cover of his notebook.
Tom is going to be upset when he finds out that Mary forgot to pay the rent.
We waited for Tom at the library for thirty minutes, but he never showed up.
Tom became fairly fluent in French after about three years of intense study.
If you're interested in going to the zoo tomorrow, I'll pick you up at 2:30.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody who could translate from French into English.
Mary took a little mirror out of her purse and checked her hair and make-up.
Mary took a little mirror out of her purse and checked her hair and make-up.
Tom wondered whether Mary was happy with how John had handled the situation.
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.
Tom hid in the mountains because he didn't want to get caught by the police.
I don't see how Tom can stay up all night and then be so wide awake at work.
Tom got out of bed, walked over to the window and looked out at the sunrise.
How did you know that Tom was planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
I don't know why, but I'm sure that Tom has his reasons for not hiring Mary.
Since Tom wanted the chocolate much more than she did, Mary let him have it.
Tom copied all the files on his internal hard disk to an external hard disk.
Tom couldn't catch up with the other students after he came out of his coma.
Tom thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom tried everything that was suggested, but still couldn't fix the problem.
If Tom hadn't been so insecure, he could probably have accepted Mary's love.
Tom accused Mary of not knowing how to love or how to accept someone's love.
Tom's partner thought that they should also sell gourmet popcorn seasonings.
I didn't want to spend any more time trying to convince Tom to study French.
Why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk?
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew that he wanted to be a policeman.
Tom believes that getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
Tom believes that getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
Like many students at our school, Tom stays up until late at night studying.
The flight attendant shook Tom awake and told him that the plane had landed.
Tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
If I were to study French, I'd prefer to study with a native French speaker.
If I were to study French, I'd prefer to study with a native French speaker.
I think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
Is it worth spending time trying to help people who don't want to be helped?
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
She advised him to go there alone, but he didn't think that was good advice.
Who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on Christmas morning?
Who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on Christmas morning?
Who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on Christmas morning?
All the kids I grew up with could swim before they started going to school.
The new shopping mall that opened last week closes at midnight every night.
Mary thought that Tom would ask her to the prom, but he asked someone else.
It appears that the bank robbery was planned right down to the last detail.
The best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it's spoken.
There were blood stains on the shirt that the police found under Tom's bed.
The weather is bad and it's the day before payday, so I won't go out today.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
If you run into Tom, ask him when Mary is going to get out of the hospital.
Tom said the reason he broke up with Mary was that she was very possessive.
There have been some stories in the news about pets attacking their owners.
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
There's nothing we can do to save Tom at this point. All we can do is pray.
If I'd been able to speak French then, I wouldn't have gotten into trouble.
I hate not being able to understand things when people are speaking French.
You should tell Tom that Mary would prefer it if he would quit calling her.
Tom suffered from a heart attack and almost died waiting for the ambulance.
You can believe what you want to about me, but that doesn't mean it's true.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it if it makes you happy.
I don't want to give them any reason to think I'm not willing to do my job.
I don't want to give them any reason to think I'm not willing to do my job.
Tom sometimes has trouble understanding other people's motives and desires.
Tom had trouble believing that Mary would actually want to go out with him.
I thought there was a possibility that Tom was going to break the contract.
I can't tell you what a disappointment it was that Tom didn't win the race.
I'd like to hear exactly how Tom managed to get that old car running again.
I've been trying to figure out what Tom might have been doing at that time.
I think I've figured out why Tom has never learned to speak French so well.
I know someone needs to tell Tom about Mary's death. Does it have to be me?
When Tom ate some food that had fallen on the floor, Mary looked disgusted.
Tom had planned to be the first one to get there, but Mary got there first.
Tom threw a big party at his house while his parents were away on vacation.
Even though Tom tried to explain it to Mary, she still couldn't understand.
Tom told John that he would ask Mary to the dance only if John asked Alice.
I thought chances of Tom not noticing what Mary was doing were pretty slim.
It's possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who stole my motorcycle.
Tom asked for police protection after Mary and John threatened to kill him.
Tom attracted a crowd of children as soon as he started playing his bongos.
Tom attracted a crowd of children as soon as he started playing his bongos.
Tom bought a mask and a snorkel so he could go snorkeling with his friends.
Tom can remember the chords to the song, but can't remember all the lyrics.
Winning the competition is important. However, fair play is more important. You need to understand that winning is not the most important thing.
That's strange. I could have sworn that I'd locked this door.
I don't think a native French speaker would say it that way.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.
I don't know why, but I'm sure that Tom has his reasons for not hiring Mary.
Make sure you check all the pockets for tissues before washing your clothes.
Make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible.
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
I would never have guessed that you could buy butter for such a low price.
Tom walked into the courtroom, surrounded by police officers.
Light pollution prevents a third of the people on Earth from seeing the Milky Way.
Tom and Mary were paddling a canoe down the river the last time I saw them.
There were a lot of empty beer bottles lying on the ground near the tent.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
It doesn't matter how smart you are. If you don't work hard, you'll never succeed.
Tom sets the table on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Mary sets the table on the other days.
Tom doesn't need to worry about a thing. Mary will take care of everything.
Tom got used to living in Boston even though he'd grown up in a small town.
Tom got used to living in Boston even though he'd grown up in a small town.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour.
Tom certainly wasn't making much noise last night when we passed his house.
Tom didn't do a very good job cleaning the kitchen floor. It's still dirty.
Tom can't ride a bicycle very well yet, so his bicycle has training wheels.
Tom can still wear the same size jeans he did when he was twenty years old.
Tom can still wear the same size jeans he did when he was twenty years old.
Tom couldn't keep lying to Mary. He felt he just had to tell her the truth.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew where John had found the key she'd lost.
Tom grabbed a handful of popcorn out of the bag and then handed it to Mary.
Tom told Mary that they needed to be careful not to wear out their welcome.
Tom could tell that it would be impossible to reach a compromise with Mary.
Tom and Mary always talk about the same old things. It gets kind of boring.
I think Tom is likely to be very hungry by the time he gets home tonight.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something horrible was about to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something profound was about to happen.
Tom stripped off his dirty clothes and threw them into the washing machine.
The first thing Tom does when he meets a new woman is check to see if she's wearing a wedding ring.
Tom is exactly the sort of guy Mary wants to hang out with.
I've never been to Boston, and I don't intend to ever go there.
This morning the weather was so bad that I had to take a taxi.
If he keeps drinking like that, he'll have to take a taxi home.
It cost me quite a bit to take a taxi home from the station.
I had to take a taxi because the heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
I had to take a bus from Boston because all the flights had been canceled.
Tom can take the bus to the station. You don't need to drive him.
You can borrow my car until you make enough money to buy your own car.
I'd recommend cleaning your room before your mother gets home.
Why is no one here?
We lost the game because we were overconfident.
When my wife's friend comes to visit, I find it hard to get a word in edgeways.
The best way to ruin a good cup of coffee is to put cream and sugar in it.
If anybody had asked me if I were married, I'd have said yes.
I thought I told you I didn't want you to do that anymore.
You don't need to explain it to me. I already understand it.
I wouldn't say we've achieved our goal yet, but we're within striking distance.
He had no sooner gone out of the room than all of them burst out laughing.
After putting on so much weight, Tom couldn't fit into his suit to wear to Mary's funeral.
Tom ran all the way to the station so he wouldn't miss his train.
Tom heard a big explosion and ran outside to see what had happened.
"I've only had two boyfriends." "Oh, I have two boyfriends right now."
Tom dreamed that he had won the contest, but that his prize had been stolen.
One surefire way for money to provide happiness appears to be to spend it on other people.
You know that Tom and Mary don't get along with each other, don't you?
I'm really hungry. I haven't eaten all week.
Tom took an envelope out of his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
Do you think it'll be difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Landmines kill 15,000 to 20,000 people every year, many of them children.
We searched the entire shop for Tom, and found him in the toy department.
Tom doesn't feed his dog in the morning, only in the evening.
That isn't Tom's suitcase.
You shouldn't look down on those who are less fortunate than you are.
If you could come tomorrow, that'd be great.
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
I sometimes wish I could live a quiet retired sort of life but I doubt I could stand it for more than a few days.
After a long day at work, nothing feels better than a good hot bath.
You can't possibly expect me to spend that much money on this piece of junk.
You can believe me.
Tom leaned out the window of his car and pressed the button on the intercom at the gate.
Tom's basement is filled with stuff that he hasn't used in years and will probably never use again.
Tom doesn't want to admit that Mary was right and that he was wrong.
The first black president of the United States was Barack Obama.
Mary's not happy that her boyfriend has to kiss another girl for the school play.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
Which shirt do you like better, the red one or the blue one?
When Tom drove by Mary's house, he noticed that the lights were still on.
Should I wash the lettuce?
In his spare time, Tom loves to play soccer, hang out with his friends, and listen to music.
Medical error is the third leading cause of death in the US, after heart disease and cancer.
Why do people kiss?
Tom began to sing "Happy Birthday" and the entire restaurant joined in.
If you weren't exposed to a language until you were an adult, you are very, very unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker of that language.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
The boss wants to see you.
You can go play with your friends when your chores are done.
Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, someone came suddenly into the room.
That's very controversial.
It's possible to study English with a native speaker almost anywhere in the world.
I've heard that the most beautiful women in the world live in Boston.
I've heard that the most beautiful women in the world live in Boston.
It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Tom thought that he had woken up from his dream, but in fact he was still dreaming.
A silver wedding anniversary celebrates 25 years of marriage.
More than 30,000 people braved the rain and cold to attend the Canada Day parade.
Didn't anybody tell you that you didn't have to be here today?
The color green is often associated with money and the world of finance, because banknotes in many countries are green.
I wonder if you would mind lending me your car for a couple of days.
Some countries in Europe are not part of the European Union.
As far as I know, there were no problems during the first semester.
Girls were not allowed to go out with boys without a chaperone.
Even though Tom left home early today, he was late for work.
Did you know there was a secret passage hidden behind the bookcase?
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
Mary puckered her lips, expecting a kiss, but nothing happened. When she opened her eyes, Tom had gone.
The letter does not say what time she will come up to Tokyo.
Cold methane gas is responsible for the blue-green color of Uranus.
Tom didn't want people to think that he was flirting with Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk to the press about his personal life.
Tom stuck his grocery list to the fridge door with a magnet.
Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards after being fired.
Forks go to the left side of the plate, and knives go to the right.
Tom turned on the air conditioner and the apartment began to cool down.
I can't believe that Tom said such hateful things about Mary.
We love each other and that's all that matters.
We love each other and that's all that matters.
You can smoke here.
You can smoke here.
You can smoke here.
Where have you been? We were just about to call the police.
Mary used her smartphone as a mirror to touch-up her makeup.
Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.
Stop screaming in my ears.
Many of the things that we consider necessities today were luxuries in the past.
I need a translation.
If you find money on the street, you should take it to your local police department.
You're going to look like a lobster if you don't put on some sunscreen.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
Tom and Mary borrowed money from family and friends to open a small bakery.
This apartment is within biking distance of the university.
When Tom looked at his watch, he was surprised to see how late it was.
Tom wanted to build his own house, but gave up after realizing how much work it would be.
Tom never admits that he's wrong, because he thinks that's a sign of weakness.
I know it's not what you suggested, but it was all I could do.
I have an important meeting I have to attend this afternoon.
It was a new experience for almost everyone.
The first step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one.
If you had asked someone for directions, we'd be there already.
Shouldn't I be there, too?
Tom took a picture of himself and sent it to his girlfriend.
Some people think that the voting age should be lowered to 16.
Tom was knocked off his bicycle and killed in a hit and run accident.
Tom tried to profit from the tragedy by creating a false Facebook page to collect donations.
Tim Howard was the goalkeeper for the United States national team in 2014.
There are sushi restaurants in almost every country in the world.
Thousands of dead fish have been found floating in the lake.
You have a message.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
If I make an exception for you, everyone will expect the same treatment.
At first, Tom thought French was difficult, but now he thinks it's easy.
Tom and Mary's friends helped them move into their new apartment.
The month before Christmas is a very busy time of year for stores.
Tom was greatly affected by the death of his only daughter.
Two trains collided head-on in Italy, killing 22 passengers.
The month before Christmas is a very busy time of year for stores.
The Tokyo Skytree is the second tallest structure in the world, after the Burj Khalifa.
Who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar?
On a hot day like this, the laundry will be dry in no time.
Tom wondered how many times Mary was going to run around the track.
Why is sweat salty?
Is there any way you can un-shrink a T-shirt that has shrunk?
Tom woke up in the middle of the night and ate an entire bag of cookies.
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shop.
Never ask a question if you aren't prepared to hear the answer.
I'm looking forward to meeting your parents.
When Mary told her parents that she wanted to marry Tom, they said that they wouldn't attend the wedding.
The school Tom goes to is looking for a new French teacher.
Tom was well liked by his classmates, teachers and friends.
I can't believe Tom and Mary have been together for ten years.
Mary made a reservation at a Japanese restaurant for Valentine's day.
That's all you can expect.
The Taj Mahal is probably the most famous building in India.
Tom wanted to impress his friends, but he just made a fool of himself.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend, but she only laughed at him.
Many soldiers died from hypothermia during Napoleon's retreat from Russia in the winter of 1812.
Tom didn't want to risk his friendship with Mary by trying to turn it into a romance.
Tom got lost in the woods and ended up in someone's backyard.
Tom can't say for sure how many times Mary has been to Boston.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Tom described to the police officer how the accident had happened.
Tom and Mary want to buy a house with at least three bedrooms.
The patients participating in the drug trial don't know if they're receiving the drug or the placebo.
Tom and Mary hugged each other and kissed each other's cheeks.
I have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years.
Tom got his girlfriend's name tattooed on his arm, but then she left him.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
I wish I had time to go home and change into something more appropriate.
Why is Tom so busy?
Sunblock contains chemicals that can reflect or absorb the ultraviolet light.
Tom wondered how many times Mary was going to run around the track.
Are you happy now?
Ultraviolet light can also go through clouds, so you can get sunburns on an overcast day.
You should never take your eyes off the road while you're driving.
Don't let yourself be provoked into saying something that you'll regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked into saying something that you'll regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked into saying something that you'll regret.
Don't let yourself be provoked into doing something that you'll regret.
Tom and Mary fell in love while they were on a scientific expedition.
Tom was rushed to the hospital after being found unconscious in his home.
It was painful to watch.
Neptune is more than 30 times as far from the sun as Earth is.
There are still many cultural differences between East and West Germany.
Unfortunately, the food supplies gave out before the end of winter.
The Middle East supplies a major portion of the oil that Japan consumes.
We can stay here for as long as our supplies of food and water hold out.
Supplies of food were low and we had to ration out the little that was left.
That's a good story. The only problem is that it's not true.
As the date of the wedding approached, Tom started having second-thoughts.
The Japanese take their shoes off before entering their homes.
Tell me what I have to do.
Tell me what I need to do.
You have absolutely no idea how hard it was to convince Tom to help us.
Tom was wearing black leather pants and a black leather jacket.
Tom took a picture of himself and sent it to his girlfriend.
Mary used her smartphone as a mirror to touch-up her makeup.
It's not going to be easy to do that without a lot of help.
Mary has a huge crush on Tom, but she's too shy to talk to him.
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that by himself.
You should probably not tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
Tom is the only person I know besides myself who likes to do that.
Tom didn't want to pay that much for eggs, so he didn't buy any.
Tom is probably going to be making more money than me this year.
Tom is thinking about buying that old restaurant on Park Street.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for $300.
What textbook does Tom use when he teaches French to beginners?
Tom isn't the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom just closed his eyes and tried to ignore what was happening.
Tom knows that he needs to do something, but he's not sure what.
Tom noticed Mary's shoes were muddy, but he didn't say anything.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston, but she was actually in Chicago.
Tom warned Mary not to eat the mushrooms she found in the woods.
Tom said Mary seemed reluctant to eat what he had cooked for her.
Tom called Mary's friends, thinking they might know where she was.
Tom is going to be heartbroken when he finds out his dog has died.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom used to kiss Mary goodbye every morning, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to kiss Mary goodbye every morning, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom intended to walk home, but it started raining, so he took a taxi.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom will be upset when he finds out that Mary forgot to pay the rent.
Tom called Mary and asked her if she wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom drove to Boston in a car that he borrowed from one of his friends.
Tom doesn't have Mary's address in Boston, but he has her phone number.
Tom knew that Mary was hungry, but he didn't offer her anything to eat.
Tom said he thought he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted him to buy for her.
Tom knew Mary would sit with John, but he was hoping she'd sit with him.
Tom saw Mary's car in his driveway and wondered why she'd come to visit.
If you stand over in that corner, Tom won't likely even notice you're here.
Tom will be upset when he finds out that Mary forgot to pay the rent.
Tom didn't learn how to play the guitar until he was thirteen.
Tom looked out the window and saw Mary playing with her dog.
Tom looked out the window and saw Mary playing with her dog.
Students are required to perform one hour of community service per week.
They didn't say a word to each other for the rest of the school year.
Tom is an old man who always has beautiful young women around him who admire him.
For breakfast I have two slices of toast with marmalade and black tea.
Tom looked away in horror as Mary doused her fries with mayonnaise on top of the ketchup.
She was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten.
She was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten.
That would be outstanding.
Mary hiked her skirt up to mid-thigh and dipped her toes in the water.
"Did you go to Boston?" "No, I didn't." "How about Chicago?" "Yes, I did go to Chicago."
The insurance policy does not cover acts of God, such as hurricanes or earthquakes.
I wonder if Tom knows why Mary was absent from school yesterday.
I wonder if Tom knows why Mary was absent from school yesterday.
I heard that Tom is going to play tennis with us this afternoon.
Tom is the only person I know who doesn't like watching football.
Tom told me that Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
If he really doesn't want to do that, he shouldn't have to.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't have the nerve to try.
I'm going to watch TV for a couple of hours.
Vampires cannot cross the threshold of a house without having been invited.
Please fill in the application form and send it back by November 2nd.
That portrait reminds me of someone I knew a long time ago.
Since you have a sore throat and a fever, you should probably stay in bed.
It seemed impossible that Tom would succeed.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't have the nerve to try.
This is one of the most influential novels of the past 30 years.
The church is still standing. Everything else was destroyed.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he had to do.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
Tom wrote his name on every dirty car windshield in the parking lot.
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
I didn't have anything else to do so I thought I'd make myself useful.
It's true hard work never killed anybody, but why take the chance?
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
When Tom said that he had studied archeology but showed no interest in the excavations, I became suspicious.
Tom is a bad driver, but he thinks that he's a good driver.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Glaciers are frozen rivers. They flow like rivers, only much slower.
The Sakurajima Volcano in Japan is one of the most active volcanoes in the world.
To find degrees in centigrade, subtract 32 from the Fahrenheit temperature, then multiply by 5/9.
A black hole is an area of such immense gravity that nothing—not even light—can escape from it.
How can you say that you have nothing to wear? Your closet is full of clothes.
Tom burned the roof of his mouth biting into the slice of pizza.
What is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language.
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
I don't know what this tree is called, but there are a lot of them around here.
The truck Tom was driving slid on the icy road and crashed into a tree.
We cut down the largest tree we could find so we could make a canoe.
Tom took shelter under the tree, hoping he wouldn't get too wet.
"I asked Tom if he had ever kissed a girl." "And what did he say?"
Tom was very unhappy about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
Tom says that he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
Tom says that he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.
It was a huge success.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need the surgery after all.
If you don't understand, you need to say so.
Do you really think that Tom had nothing to do with what happened?
Tom's yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
Tom is angry because Mary borrowed his laptop without asking.
Tom climbed a nearby tree to see if he could see the ocean.
Tom sat in the shade of a tree, watching his children play.
The apples from the tree behind Tom's house are very delicious.
Mary was dressed all in white, except for a pink ribbon in her hair.
As we age, our bodies become weaker and don't heal themselves as quickly as they used to.
It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
Tom wanted to give a very special present to his girlfriend.
In addition to Mary and her new boyfriend, Tom invited three of Mary's ex-boyfriends, without telling her.
Whenever she goes shopping, she ends up buying more than she can afford.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary plans to spend her summer vacation.
No matter what they tell me, I still plan to go to Boston on Monday.
Tom would likely complain if this kind of thing happened to him.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how much time he'll have to do that.
The policeman signaled the car to stop with a flashlight.
You know me well enough to know I wouldn't do something like that.
There are still so many questions that need to be answered.
Why isn't Tom here?
The blonde's name is Mary.
When Tom got back to his car, a parking ticket was stuck under the windshield wipers.
You aren't looking.
Tom wishes he could speak French as well as he speaks English.
Tom told me he wouldn't be late, but he still hasn't shown up.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it if you can.
I've already told Tom what needs to be done.
I know you're not planning on staying here for a long time.
I can't think of a good reason why we should give Tom any money.
His story was so funny that everyone could not help laughing.
Tom was holding a bloody knife in his hand when the police entered the room.
Go on.
You have my thanks.
That woman's name is Mary.
That's from Tom, isn't it?
That's not what Tom wants.
That's what we have to do.
How different is driving a truck compared to driving a car?
All you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when he saw Mary and John kissing.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when Mary walked in.
I think you ought to forgive us, now that we've apologized.
Tom didn't know why Mary wouldn't do what he asked her to do.
I've made an appointment to see the doctor on Monday at 2:30.
Why do you want it?
Why do you like it?
Why is Tom running?
Why don't you come?
Why don't you stop?
Why don't you stop?
You aren't thinking.
You aren't watching.
You look fine, Tom.
You have to listen.
You have to get up.
You aren't thinking.
That's where I want to go.
That's where I want to be.
That girl is good-looking.
That girl looks like Mary.
That's why I'm asking you.
You have to see it.
That's what I want to ask.
That's where I want to be.
That's what made me happy.
That's what I like to see.
That's what I want to ask.
That's what you don't get.
That made me think of you.
Thanks for having me here.
Thanks for coming, Tom.
Thank you for being there.
Thanks for having me here.
As soon as he arrived in the capital, he got settled at a hotel.
If it were not for television, the world would feel even larger.
I should've tried harder to get the report finished on time.
He stopped a tall man and asked him the way to the record shop.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to embarrass you in front of your friends.
This is a picture of Tom and me when we were three years old.
When I stood up, I realized that Tom was much taller than me.
It doesn't look like I'm going to be able to finish doing that before Monday afternoon.
Tom took thousands of pictures during his vacation, but then never looked at them.
That girl looks like Mary.
I'm likely going to be fired for doing that.
I'm interested in doing that, but Tom isn't.
Sometimes it's just best to avoid topics that might be controversial.
We could have our tea in the garden, were it a little warmer.
Tom was sitting at home in his pajamas watching TV and eating pizza.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom said he thought Mary needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
You're asking me questions you already know the answers to.
I don't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
I don't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
Tom wrote his number on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
Fortunately, today Tom is much better than he was yesterday.
Tom found Mary's constant criticism of him hard to cope with.
Tom told me that he thought I might be interested in doing that.
When was the last time that you did something for the first time?
I wasn't able to finish doing that as soon as I thought I'd be able to.
Tom needed to be punished for doing that, so his father punished him.
Having a college degree doesn't guarantee you'll get a job.
Tom was completely devastated when he heard that Mary had been killed.
Tom was completely devastated when he heard that Mary had been killed.
Tom knew he didn't need to do what Mary told him needed to be done.
I'll tell Tom what needs to be done the next time I talk to him.
I hadn't planned to do that, but I can if you really want me to.
Tom dug a hole in his backyard with the shovel Mary had given him.
Tom said he hopes you won't be late again tomorrow.
People who go to bed early and get up early live a long time.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom met a woman from Australia when he was visiting Boston.
"Are you saying you don't want me to call?" "No, not at all. Please call me anytime."
"Will you do that for me, Tom?" "With pleasure, my darling!"
Tom got out of the swimming pool and dried himself off with a towel.
I want to do everything I can to make sure Tom is able to go to college.
Tom looked at the price tag and realized he didn't have enough money.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
If you'd been a little more careful, this wouldn't have happened.
We didn't want Tom to understand what we were talking about, so we spoke in French.
I wonder if Tom would mind babysitting our kids tomorrow night.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he didn't know Mary could speak French.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted him to put the bag of dog food.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought it would be possible to do that.
The first thing Tom does every day when he gets home is turn on the TV.
I don't have a high-paying job yet, but I hope to, eventually.
One of my children was born in Boston. The other two were born in Chicago.
Tom said I was already unconscious by the time the paramedics arrived.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston and see if he could find a job there.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John since he and Alice got divorced.
What made Tom mad wasn't what you said, but the way you said it.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
I asked Tom if I was on the list of people invited to the party.
What do you think were the year's ten biggest items of news?
Tom said he'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Tom was able to speak three languages by the time he was thirteen.
I'm fairly certain I heard Tom say he wasn't ready to do that.
I wonder if Tom has ever considered going to a specialist.
I'm supposed to make sure Tom doesn't forget to buy the tickets.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom watched the tadpoles swimming in the jar that he'd put them in.
Tom was just about to kiss Mary when his mother walked into the room.
Your phone rang several times while you were in the shower.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that.
What time does Tom think we should get up tomorrow morning?
Since you're going to Tom's house anyway, could you give this to Tom?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary will do that again.
Tom said he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing what he's doing.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be married.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
Tom has only been pretending that he doesn't understand French.
I don't have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
He opened his mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
After school, I go to an English school to practice English conversation.
Someone stole my rucksack.
Tom's cat is always waiting at the door when he arrives home.
Sea otters were hunted to near-extinction for their fur in the 1700s and 1800s.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he was supposed to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Corruption is a serious problem in many countries around the world.
You should talk this over before it gets to be too big a problem.
We're going to send you to Boston to work in our office there.
You bet I'm worried.
Tom said he thought the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
I might not have as much time to read as you do, but I do read whenever I get the chance.
Before making important decisions, Tom always consults his astrologer first.
Do you think children born today will have better lives than their parents?
Tom knew there was something in the box, but he didn't know what.
If you do that for me, I'll be in your debt.
If you do that for me, I'll be in your debt.
If you do that for me, I'll be in your debt.
Tom was one of the most handsome young men Mary had ever seen.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't speak French.
When the kid wanted the latest PlayStation software, he acted like a spoiled child.
Stop acting like a victim.
I've gone fishing many times, but I've never caught a fish.
I bought an apple and an orange. I ate the apple and gave the orange to Tom.
Tom is still using the wallet I gave him on his thirteenth birthday.
I wonder if Tom would be willing to help me with my homework.
Tom always drinks at least three cups of coffee in the morning.
Tom threw away all the old newspapers that were in the attic.
If you really cared about your girlfriend, you would respect her feelings.
Tom said he thought he should learn how to do that.
Tom told everyone he was able to speak three languages.
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary often complain that they never get to be together without the children.
He opened his mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
How much do you think the average person spends eating out in a year?
Tom has an older sister, Mary, and two younger sisters, but I can't remember their names.
I remember the words to the song, but I can't remember the melody.
Mary and Tom are twins, but they don't look like each other.
Nothing I do lately seems to turn out right. I'm losing confidence in myself.
Our electricity was cut off because we forgot to pay the bill.
How old do you have to be to get married without your parents' permission?
Have you ever drunk more than four bottles of beer in one evening?
This is a story about friendship between a young boy and an elderly woman.
Tom stole Mary's phone and took a bunch of selfies before sneaking it back into her purse.
Tom is worried that he won't have enough money to retire comfortably.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
I understand what you mean, but I'm not sure how to translate it.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I won't do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that again.
Mankind will succeed in making peaceful use of atomic energy.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be mad at Mary if there weren't a good reason to be.
Tom would probably still be in Boston if he didn't have to be in Chicago.
You know there's no way I can do that without some help, don't you?
I'm the only one who stayed awake all night.
I'm the only one who stayed awake all night.
I'm the only one who stayed awake all night.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that by himself.
I was able to convince Tom, but I wasn't able to convince Mary.
Even though I was busy, I talked to Tom for about three hours yesterday afternoon.
I tried to sell my old car, but nobody was interested in buying it.
Tom knows that I don't care whether he comes with us or not.
Don't you think that Tom is a little too young to be doing that?
Don't you think that Tom is a little too young to be doing that?
Don't you think that Tom is a little too young to be doing that?
I'd prefer not to get home until after 2:30.
Pollution kills more people around the world every year than war and violence.
I can't believe Tom quit his job without talking it over with Mary first.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
Even though Tom is my neighbor, I don't know him very well.
Tom said he thought Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom speaks excellent French, but his English isn't very good.
At the turn of the century, children still worked in factories.
I can't change the way Tom is, but that doesn't stop me from trying.
Tom and Mary were discussing the pros and cons of raising the minimum wage.
Tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows.
One of the keys to happiness is to do what you enjoy doing.
One of the keys to happiness is to do what you enjoy doing.
Tom did what most people would've done in the same situation.
That's our responsibility.
That's pretty significant.
What you're wearing isn't appropriate for where we're going.
Tom had to wear a neck brace after Mary pushed him down the stairs.
Mosquitoes are attracted to smell of human feet and Limburger cheese.
After the hike, Tom switched from his hiking boots to his sneakers.
Tom can't play a high G on his trumpet, but he can play an F.
"Can Tom play the trumpet?" "No, but he's a pretty good singer."
Tom bought an old house and said that he would fix it all by himself.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary planned to do.
I pressed my ear to the door to see if I could hear what Tom and Mary were talking about.
It's been a long time since I had such a pleasant surprise.
Tom wrote Mary a text message, but then deleted it before sending it.
Let's go to my place. There's something I'd like to show you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom never would've asked. He'd just have done it without permission.
I would hate to be in Tom's shoes right now.
The local newspaper is endorsing the conservative candidate.
About ten million tons of coal are mined every day in China.
As long as you live under my roof, you're going to live by my rules.
Taking things apart is easier than putting them back together.
I think you're one of the most interesting women I've ever met.
He was popular with girls because he was on the football team.
We never went on family vacations because we were too poor.
I hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
I hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
I hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
Do you think Mary would go out with me if I asked her on a date?
Tom went to the refrigerator, looking for something to eat.
Tom told the doctor that he'd fainted three times last week.
I won this guitar in a poker game three weeks ago in Boston.
The truck driver stopped at a rest area because he was tired.
Tom couldn't believe that he was going out with one of the best looking girls at school.
Tom sat down near the window, put on his glasses and began to read the book that Mary had given him.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to be able to convince Mary to go to the dance with him.
I never thought I'd live to see the day when I'd have to sell my home.
Tom pretended he hadn't heard what Mary had said about him.
Most men contribute relatively little to the burden of childcare.
It doesn't cost anything, but it takes time.
Tom had so much money that he did not know what to do with it. It was far more than he needed to live.
I'm here to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm here to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
We took a walk on the beach just before sunset.
Is there something that you wish to tell me?
Scientists have found a secret chamber inside Egypt's Great Pyramid.
Tom and Mary rented a room in one of Boston's most luxurious hotels.
If you keep trying, you'll get better at it.
If all your friends were going to jump off a bridge, would you jump, too?
Some people are really good at spotting when others are lying.
Tom says that he plans on staying in Boston as long as he can.
Tom was taking a selfie on the edge of the volcano when he lost his footing and fell into the crater.
Tom is colorblind, so he couldn't tell if Mary was wearing a green dress or a red dress.
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Tom and Mary held hands and watched the sun set over the ocean.
More than 300 reindeer were killed by a lightning strike in Norway.
I think you're a great guy, but I don't have any romantic feelings for you.
I think you're a great guy, but I don't have any romantic feelings for you.
Tom and Mary rented three camels and a guide to take them into the desert.
"Would you like to go to the movies?" "I'd love to, but I'm busy."
The gondola ride wasn't as romantic as Tom and Mary had hoped.
"My children are already adults. What about yours?" "Mine are too."
Tom used his handkerchief to wipe the tears from Mary's cheeks.
The world's largest indoor beach is located in Brandenburg, Germany.
When you disembark the flight, you will go through passport control.
Tell me you still love me.
Tom's mother forced him to go outside even though he didn't want to.
It was cold in Boston.
It was cold in Boston.
I learned how to cook Chinese food while I was living in Boston.
We appreciate the opportunity you've given us to learn more about your organization.
Tell Tom not to tell Mary.
Tell Tom not to tell Mary.
Tell Tom not to tell Mary.
Tom lived with his uncle in Australia while going to college.
Tom lives in Australia with his wife and his three children.
I'm sure Tom will forgive you if you explain everything to him.
We need to find out how many people are planning to go with us.
Do you have any idea how many people are coming to tonight's party?
Tom understands French fairly well, but he has trouble speaking it.
The dealer took advantage of her ignorance and bought the picture very cheap.
Tom opened the glove compartment and took out his registration.
Tom opened the glove compartment and took out his registration.
That's not likely to work.
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They think that she's not good enough for me.
Spaghetti with meatballs was invented by Italian immigrants living in New York City.
"Do you hate Tom?" "I don't hate him, but I do think he's a bit strange."
How will we feed everyone if the world's population keeps rising?
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when he found out.
Tom became friends with Mary when he was living in Australia.
The police officer resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
The perpetrator was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
The perpetrator was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
Pigeons as well as tourists flock to St Mark's Square every day.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary have both already done that.
My grandmother looks after the children during the daytime.
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
I'm the one who recommended Tom for the job.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for the job.
Do you think I don't know what you and Tom were talking about?
Do you think I don't know what you and Tom were talking about?
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
There are people who seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
Your success depends on whether you pass the STEP examination or not.
In Japan, children are allowed to take public transportation by themselves starting from the age of 6.
Have you decided who you're going to invite to your birthday party?
Have you decided who you're going to invite to your birthday party?
Tom was awarded a research grant by the National Science Foundation.
Learning to speak a foreign language well takes a lot of time.
Mary closed her eyes and waited for Tom's kiss. When she opened her eyes Tom was gone.
Tom and Mary went for a romantic moonlight walk on the beach.
Do you think that Tom and Mary are going to get back together?
There's a book, a pencil, and a sheet of paper on the table.
Tom and Mary sat on a hillside and watched the fireworks together.
Sometimes the stock market goes up and sometimes it goes down.
I don't know what you're cooking, but it smells really good.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be offended.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books when he was in the hospital.
Tom didn't understand why he was different from other people.
You have cute eyes.
Tom tried to understand why he was different from other people.
I'd rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it.
Tom and Mary dipped into their savings to buy their first house.
Why is this my job?
Speeding causes accidents.
"What will we tell Tom?" "Don't worry. I'll come up with something."
Tom's house is within walking distance of the nearest train station.
Tom said he'd rather stay at a hotel near the airport.
Tom is waiting for his daughter to come back home from the dance.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has to do what John is asking her to do.
If you don't stop harassing us, I'll have to call the police.
The boy who's swimming over there with Mary is my younger brother.
It's better to have tried and failed than never to have tried at all.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all born on October 20, 2013.
It is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish.
It's going to be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
Tom has already told Mary she won't be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he was really sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
I still have to go to Australia three more times this year.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able to buy her any more jewelry.
It probably wouldn't have been possible to do that by yourself.
Monday is the only day of the week that I don't get home before 2:30.
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by plane?
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by plane?
Don't let your personal feelings get in the way of your work.
I think I'm the only one working here who can speak French.
I think I'm the only one working here who can speak French.
You'll probably get fired if you do that the way Tom told you to.
How do you know when you've found the right person for the job?
How do you know when you've found the right person for the job?
Tom and John introduced me to their new girlfriends yesterday.
Who are Tom and I going to lean on when the times get rough?
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying a couple of kids at school.
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying a couple of kids at school.
The ball's in your court.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John asks her to do.
The doctor told Tom to lower the amount of red meat that he ate.
It is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish.
Tom used to tell Mary stories about when he lived in Australia.
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that without our help.
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
She tied him to the chair.
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
I think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
Three months before Tom was to graduate from college, he died.
Tom couldn't come see us for Christmas, so we went to see him.
Tom is famous, not only here in Australia, but around the world.
If you do not leave this area, we are authorized to remove you by force.
I don't remember what time Tom told me to meet him tomorrow.
Tom should've been finished writing the report by yesterday.
Let's not forget to remind Tom to return the library books tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that she should stop eating at fast food restaurants.
That's not the right word.
When was the last time Tom and Mary went out for dinner together?
What Tom said was true at the time he said it, but it isn't true anymore.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Australia with us.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Australia with us.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Australia with us.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to Australia with John.
Tom wants to finish doing what he's doing before he goes home.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself on the bench next to the pond.
I didn't know how to ask Tom to leave without hurting his feelings.
Tom has been waiting for Mary all morning, but she still hasn't come.
Take a breath and hold it.
Take a breath and hold it.
Take a breath and hold it.
The baby was sound asleep.
Tom promised me he'd buy me something to eat on the way home.
We awoke to the sound of birds chirping in the trees outside our room.
I speak French fairly well, but not as well as I speak English.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was supposed to be there.
I won't go outside in this kind of weather unless I have to.
It reminded me of you.
It reminded me of you.
It reminded me of you.
Tom knew Mary was probably not going to be able to do that.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother and Uncle John is my father's brother.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't go to Boston unless he went with her.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't care whether we helped them or not.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
I always thought Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
The U.S. Department of Health says people should exercise at least two and a half hours a week.
Do you want me to buy anything for you while I'm at the supermarket?
Tom says he doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom didn't start playing the violin until he was thirty year old.
Tom didn't start playing the violin until he was thirty year old.
Tom is going to stay in Australia until the end of October.
I don't know how Tom is going to keep his dog from doing that.
I didn't recognize the person sitting across the table from me.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go to Australia with John.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't want to do that.
I'll be staying here in Australia for at least three months.
I'll be in Australia for three more days and then I'll go to New Zealand.
If Tom is convicted, he'll likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
"Do I have to do that?" "You don't have to, but it'd be better if you did."
A good password should be difficult to guess, but easy to remember.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he wasn't sure if she wanted him to kiss her.
"You're going to do what?" "I'm going to kill someone." "Are you out of your mind?"
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that again.
Tom probably doesn't know whether he needs to do that or not.
That man over there is the husband of the woman who teaches me French.
Tom helped Mary carry her groceries up the steps to her apartment.
Didn't you know there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
Tom gave Mary everything he had, but she still wasn't satisfied.
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to buy his old car?
Will Tom kiss Mary?
He didn't have as much trouble finding a job as he thought he would.
Do you think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that?
Do you think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that?
Do you think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that?
Thank you for helping Tom.
Thank you for helping Tom.
Thank you for helping Tom.
Did you know there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
I doubt very seriously Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I assured Tom that I'd have the report written before Monday.
I'm going to travel to Australia next month.
I'm going to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's not going to do that.
Why is Tom excited?
Why were you fired?
Why were you fired?
Why were you fired?
Tom became violently ill after eating the dinner that Mary had prepared him.
Tell Tom to wait a moment.
Tell Tom to wait a moment.
Tell Tom to wait a moment.
Tell Tom to bring a salad.
Tell Tom to bring a salad.
Tell Tom to bring a salad.
If you don't know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
The children went to bed, but the grown-ups continued to party.
I'd like to improve my French pronunciation.
I'll visit my uncle in Australia next month.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play string quartets together.
Tom and Mary were talking about John and Alice's relationship.
The chair gave way as Tom sat on it, and he crashed to the floor injuring his back.
She said that she was ill.
She said that she was ill.
The alligator ate the dog.
The alligator ate the dog.
I got up very early this morning, but my father got up even earlier.
I didn't have to tell Tom to do that. He'd have done it anyway.
Which are you better at cooking, Japanese food or Chinese food?
Tom wasn't sure if he should kiss Mary or not, so he didn't.
Tom has been getting a busy signal every time he tries to call Mary.
Tom turned off the living room light and went upstairs to his bedroom.
Tell me where the wine is.
Tell me where the wine is.
Tell me where the wine is.
You broke your leg.
You broke your leg.
In the past, there was never this much snow.
Didn't you know there was a convenience store in the basement of this building?
My grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot when she was younger.
Don't you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
Don't you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
Don't you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
I didn't know you were the ones who were supposed to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that without any help.
I did that this morning so I wouldn't have to do it tomorrow.
Tom said that doing that was a mistake and that he wouldn't do it again.
We both have to stay in Australia until the end of October.
Why isn't the smoke going up the chimney like it's supposed to?
The boy you met at my house yesterday can play the drums quite well.
The boy you met at my house yesterday can play the drums quite well.
The boy you met at my house yesterday can play the drums quite well.
Tom has three sisters. One lives in Australia and the other two live in New Zealand.
Tom studied French after dinner while his mother washed dishes.
"Let's go see a movie tonight?" "I can't. I'm busy." "How about tomorrow night?" "I'm busy then, too."
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
The doctor said that Tom didn't need to stay in the hospital.
The doctor said that Tom didn't need to stay in the hospital.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
Tom is going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel next Monday.
I've been working in Boston for three years.
That happens all the time.
There are places where this kind of thing happens all the time.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.
It's not often that Mary wears a red dress, but she's wearing one today.
How much more time do you think you need to finish doing that?
How much more time do you think you need to finish doing that?
How much more time do you think you need to finish doing that?
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so he didn't get killed.
Tom would probably go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
Tom regrets buying the car sight unseen, because it's broken down twice in two months.
You forgot to ask Tom for permission to do that, didn't you?
You forgot to ask Tom for permission to do that, didn't you?
You forgot to ask Tom for permission to do that, didn't you?
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
I can't imagine that such transactions would predominate in a truly free market.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to walk home by herself.
If there is a suitable occasion, I'll introduce you to him.
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that again.
Both of them worked hard so that they could pass the entrance examination.
I was lucky the train was late. Otherwise, I would've missed it.
I can walk from my house to the station in only five minutes.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
Tom and I've decided to go to Boston together next weekend.
A reward has been offered for information pertaining to the incident.
How can you protect yourself from the risk of mosquito-borne illnesses?
You have a problem.
Tom anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
Tom never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
Tom claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
Tom didn't have as much trouble finding a job as he thought he would.
I have a sore throat, so I don't know if I can sing or not.
I hear that Tom now works at the same company as Mary does.
Tom said he'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
If you don't think of an excuse quickly, things will become awkward.
If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock.
If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock.
If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock.
I'll never be able to explain what happened.
She swam across the river.
He smiled.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that computer.
I used to play golf, but I quit playing about three years ago.
They lived in a very small house at the end of a long, gray street.
I watched the birds on the balcony while drinking my coffee.
Home isn't where you live, but where you're with people who understand you.
I doubt that Tom has ever read a book from cover to cover in his life.
I doubt that Tom has ever read a book from cover to cover in his life.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Somebody please help me.
I'm not surprised you don't know the answer.
I'm not surprised you don't know the answer.
I'm not surprised you don't know the answer.
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.
The candles burned down to within an inch of their holders.
Before you leave home, make sure your pets have enough food.
How much time do you spend selecting the food that you will eat?
The lines of people waiting for food were longer than before.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
It's easy to misinterpret the actions and intentions of others.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think you'd go out with me.
"I'm afraid Tom's not at home." "But the light's on in his room!"
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be provided for you.
You have the right to have a lawyer with you during questioning.
You have the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before we ask you any questions.
Why are you always contradicting me? Can't you accept once in a while that I just might be right?
I can't remember the name of the girl who sat next to me in French class last year.
It seemed to be cheap.
Tom still works at the same bar he worked at when he was a college student.
Tom lives alone in the mountains. No one has seen him for years.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that today.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't wearing black at John's funeral.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I have a daughter who's a cook at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to check his oil level.
Tom is fluent enough in French that many people think he's a native speaker.
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.
It was amazingly easy.
It was amazingly easy.
I didn't actually forget my camera. I just didn't want to take pictures.
It should be possible.
It should be possible.
My mother's religion helped her to come to terms with my father's death.
Go straight until you see the post office, then turn right.
Go straight until you see the post office, then turn right.
Let me explain it once more, so you understand what I mean.
Let me explain it once more, so you understand what I mean.
Let me explain it once more, so you understand what I mean.
Let me explain it once more, so you understand what I mean.
Tell Tom to comb his hair.
Show Tom how to get there.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he didn't have to do that.
I don't think there is any excuse for his behavior. At the same time, we should listen to what he has to say.
What do you think is the best film that you have seen this year?
Sleep as long as you want.
Tom got caught up in the heat of the moment and made a rash decision.
Tom did everything he could to prevent Mary from doing that.
You're the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
You're the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
What subject did you like best when you were in high school?
Tom died at the scene of the accident. Mary and her father were seriously injured and are in the hospital.
I didn't think you'd be able to move the sofa without my help.
Good planning can make the difference between success and failure.
We lived in Australia for three years before we came to New Zealand.
I don't often eat in restaurants with pictures of food on their menus.
Many people have asked me if I think Boston is a safe city.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
Are you really planning to spend the rest of your life here?
Are you really planning to spend the rest of your life here?
Are you really planning to spend the rest of your life here?
What could Tom possibly tell us that we don't already know.
Tom, Mary and their children went to Boston last weekend.
We've been thinking about what to do about this problem for a long time.
Instead of going to Australia next summer, let's go to New Zealand.
Tom asked the person at the front desk for a 6:30 wake up call.
Tom asked the person at the front desk for a 6:30 wake up call.
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to mow the lawn?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to mow the lawn?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to mow the lawn?
It seems something's wrong with my computer.
Tom and I were the only ones who didn't know how to speak French.
Go to your room and stay there until you are ready to confess.
It's difficult to find work here, which is why Tom and Mary are moving away.
"Do you know why Tom doesn't want to go shopping with me?" "I think he doesn't like shopping."
If you show Tom how to do that, I'm sure he'll be able to do it.
I'm not going out on a limb for you because you never helped me before.
I don't know where Tom is planning to spend his summer vacation.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, I immediately knew something was wrong.
If there are no dogs in heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went.
I just wanted to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I think that you should know that whatever happens, I'll still love you.
Having worked on the farm all day, we were completely tired out.
When the school needed a new teacher, I applied for the position.
When the school needed a new teacher, I applied for the position.
When I was in Boston someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
When I was a child, I used to go to the beach every summer.
When I didn't know how to answer the question, Tom gave me a hint.
When I was younger, I used to always go hiking on weekends.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a phone call from Tom.
I wonder why I always become drowsy whenever I begin to study.
It's impossible to sleep with so much noise.
It's impossible to sleep with so much noise.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the garden.
Tom doesn't think that Mary did all her homework by herself.
I don't think we can move this piano without some help.
Tom and Mary dated for almost three months before breaking up.
Tom and Mary seem to be having trouble making up their minds.
You could at least pretend to be interested in what I'm talking about.
Tom explained to Mary why it would be a good idea for her to do that.
Where on earth do you think Tom is going at this time of night?
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.
Tom didn't live long enough to see his children graduate from high school.
Tom might've been the one who did this, but I don't think so.
Tom wondered what Mary was going to give him for his birthday.
One of the passengers went to the front of the bus and talked to the driver.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a lot of really stupid things.
Tom explained to Mary why she shouldn't do that.
I wonder what made Tom think I wouldn't be able to do that.
"What do you think Tom and Mary would say if they knew we were here?" "They would be speechless."
I hope you told Tom I didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom is going to take care of Mary's dog while she's on vacation.
Tom didn't think Mary would eat the salad if it had onions in it.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by bus?
It won't be hard to find someone to do that.
You're the only person I know that has ever visited Australia.
Ask Tom for his opinion. I'd be interested to know what he thinks.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he was supposed to do that.
There's a rumor going around that you kissed Tom last night.
Tom stopped crying after his mother kissed his skinned knee.
I've never seen so many people in one place.
Would you like some?
Traffic accidents occur more often when it's raining than when it's not.
One good thing about winter is there are no mosquitos.
What's the best way to tell someone that you don't like them?
I think it'll taste better if you add a little salt and pepper.
Tom died peacefully with his friends and family at his side.
I got to the station three minutes before Tom's train arrived.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't have to do that.
Tom's grandfather on his mother's side has already passed away.
I didn't have much time so I just quickly scanned the report.
Tom advised me not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
Many of the decisions we make every day are based on less-than-perfect knowledge.
Tom will probably tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom was waiting for me in front of the station, but I thought he was going to be waiting behind the station.
Are you going somewhere tonight, or are you staying in?
I've been drinking a lot more coffee recently than I usually do.
You didn't help me.
You didn't help me.
You didn't help me.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
How many times do I have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket?
Tom pretended like he didn't know what Mary was talking about.
Did you know there's a rumor going around that you two are dating?
I still have a lot of work I need to do before I can go home.
Tom is upset because he didn't get the raise he'd been promised.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he doesn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary were holding hands, their fingers tightly interlaced.
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
I think Tom looked better before he shaved his beard off.
Tom can't work as a doctor in Australia because his qualifications aren't recognized there.
I've already told you all I know about that.
I've already told you all I know about that.
I've already told you all I know about that.
Tom often drove under the influence of alcohol when he was young, but was never caught by the police.
As the iron was heating up, Mary poured distilled water into the reservoir to make steam.
The bread I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
The bread I bought at the supermarket didn't taste very good.
What matters in life is not where you are, but where you are headed.
Tom spent three years in the Boston working as an undercover policeman.
I didn't want to go to Boston last weekend, but I had no choice.
The situation at home is getting more unbearable every day.
It would've been great if you could've been here for my birthday party.
I'd like to read the newspaper as soon as you finish with it.
I'm better at riding a unicycle than Tom is.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of the house.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of the cave.
I was scared to ask questions because I didn't want to look stupid.
Do you think Tom would like to go fishing with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
Tom practices French every day with his friends Mary and John.
Does Tom still go out with Mary every Monday like he used to?
I didn't know that you were going to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you were going to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you were going to do that by yourselves.
Did we have any French homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
I think you're the one I've been waiting for for all these years.
I think you're the one I've been waiting for for all these years.
That isn't an orange tree.
That isn't an orange tree.
Why was Tom crying?
That may happen next week.
All the popular girls sit at the same table in the cafeteria.
Somebody did that already.
Somebody did that already.
The ship Tom's grandfather was on was sunk by a torpedo.
The severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
My fear of making another mistake is why I'm being extra careful.
Tom wanted to travel and meet people from all over the world.
The person standing in line immediately in front of Tom is Mary.
Tom stopped crying after his mother kissed his skinned knee.
I need to keep myself busy or else I'll end up going crazy.
I'll come visit you at your office tomorrow.
The dentist told me he has to pull out three of my teeth.
I'll make sure Tom does that sometime today.
The first step in solving a problem is realizing there's a problem.
Should I give Tom this?
My favorite part of the movie is when the monkey throws the bone into the air.
Shouldn't you be studying?
For the lack of something better to do, Tom started cleaning his room.
It's worse to send an innocent man to prison than to let a criminal go free.
It's worse to send an innocent man to prison than to let a criminal go free.
In the summer, I go to the sea, and in the winter, to the mountains.
Maybe we should stop at a gas station to ask for directions.
It took me a little more time than usual to get here today.
Would it be OK if I borrowed your bicycle tomorrow afternoon?
Tom started studying French when he was a kid, so his pronunciation is very good.
Tom was lucky to have a teacher who was a native French speaker.
Tom was lucky to have a teacher who was a native French speaker.
I still make a lot of mistakes in French, but people seem to be able to understand what I'm trying to say.
Tom doesn't have any trouble making himself understood in French.
Tom is pretty good at French, but he still makes a lot of mistakes.
Tom speaks French with his mother and English with his father.
I usually speak French with my parents, but my brothers and I always speak to each other in English.
Tom speaks French with his mother and English with his father. If all three of them are speaking together, they speak French.
French was the only foreign language they taught at my school.
French was the only foreign language they taught at my school.
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
A friend gave me some tips on how to make a simple but impressive dinner.
Why do I have to learn this stuff? I'm never going to need to use it anyway.
Tom is much better at French now than he was three months ago.
Someone rang the doorbell.
Someone rang the doorbell.
You guys messed up.
You guys messed up.
The reason you have a headache is because you've been working too hard.
How long does it take to get the hang of this sewing machine?
Write me a message.
Write me a message.
Write me a message.
The reason my parents don't like my boyfriend is because he doesn't have a job.
I hope you're the one who's going to be doing the driving.
Tom drove all the way across town just to buy Mary a birthday cake.
She was ironing her dress.
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.
I was just getting ready to write Tom a message asking him where he was when he walked in the door.
Tom talked to Mary about things he usually kept to himself.
Tom said he thought we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted to break up with him.
You broke your arm.
You drink too much.
It was expensive, too.
That would've worked, too.
It might help if you were the one who told Tom not to do that.
I hope Tom stays in Boston for at least another three days.
It might help if you were the one who told Tom not to do that.
It isn't enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
Are you interested in participating in this discussion, Tom?
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation.
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary wouldn't accept his invitation.
You guys look lost.
In this country, public displays of affection are generally frowned upon.
On a good day, you can see the coast of Estonia from Helsinki.
I get the feeling that you're telling me what you think I want to hear, instead of what you really think.
England is a country that I've wanted to visit for a long time.
I called and asked Tom if he knew when Mary would be arriving.
I've torn up all the letters you've written.
I didn't have anything else to do, so I thought I'd drop by.
You know I'm right.
Tom and Mary were yelling at each other when I passed by their house last night.
Tom probably would've killed Mary if John hadn't stopped him.
Tom probably would've killed Mary if John hadn't stopped him.
Tom took one more look at Mary's picture and then threw it into the fire.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
After the accident, they connected him to a lot of machines.
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
He kept me waiting there for more than an hour this afternoon.
They export a lot of fruit, such as oranges, grapefruits and lemons.
When darkness falls, the baboons return to the trees to sleep, safe from night prowlers.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't want to go swimming with us.
A great relationship is based on two main principles. First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences.
I know I should sleep for at least eight hours a day, however I usually sleep less.
The doctor said that Tom has to stay in bed for the next few weeks.
History is like a waltz, eternally following the three steps of war, peace and revolution.
My grandfather doesn't know how to take money out of an ATM.
Tom wasn't the only one who said he didn't agree with Mary.
Money is like sea water. The more we drink the thirstier we become.
Douglas Engelbart, the inventor of the computer mouse, was born on this day in 1925.
The weather forecast says we're in for heavy rain this evening.
I've had enough of trying to deal with other people's problems.
You just need help.
You just need help.
You just need help.
That would be even better.
We need to stand together and take action because otherwise it might be too late.
Tom saw a herd of horses grazing peacefully in the distance.
Tom doesn't care about protecting his personal information online.
You don't know how bad I want to learn how to speak French.
You know the rules.
You know the rules.
You know the rules.
I wish I could afford to send my daughter to an Ivy League university.
Recently, Tom has been talking a lot about the past and looking through old family albums.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
You can use my car.
You can use my car.
You can use my car.
The political circumstances in the country got worse and worse.
Tom intended to ask his boss for a raise, but he reconsidered.
I wish you would tell me what I ought to do in this difficult situation.
"Where's Tom? I need his advice." "I think your best bet is to ask Mary."
Tom neatly folded the letter and slipped it into the envelope.
You can let Tom go.
You can let Tom go.
You can let Tom go.
She turned pale with fear.
You had a long day.
You had a long day.
You're the only person I know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
You're the only person I know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
I recommend contributing sentences in your own native language, since people will be able to trust that what you have contributed is likely to be good and natural-sounding.
Even if some sentences by non-native speakers are good, it's really hard to trust that they are good, so members would be helping us much more by limiting their contributions to sentences in their own native languages.
I see that your manners haven't exactly improved in the last twenty years.
I see that your manners haven't exactly improved in the last twenty years.
I want to hear the whole story. Don't skip any details.
Tom stared at Mary as if she was speaking a foreign language.
There are lots of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
Globally, around 26 million tons of plastic ends up in the ocean every year.
Tom would probably have done something about that if he could've.
The area of a triangle is half of the area of the rectangle with equivalent base and height.
"I don't like Tom." "I think that he doesn't like you, either."
I can't remember the name of the girl who sat next to me in French class last year.
Methanol has the same effects as ethanol, but also makes people blind.
What's the first thing you're going to do when you get back to Boston?
You forgot to lock your office door yesterday when you left.
I'm the only one who can help Tom with that.
I'm the only one who can help Tom with that.
I'm the only one who can help Tom with that.
The longer we wait, the less chance that we have of finding Tom.
The longer we wait, the less chance that we have of finding Tom.
Tom tried to make sense out of everything that had happened.
Tom was knighted by the king after saving the princess from the evil dragon.
Tom died peacefully at his home in Boston in the early hours of the morning.
You must choose.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
You must choose.
You must choose.
You must choose.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
It was a simpler time.
Why was that funny?
More and more women have their own careers and are economically independent of their husbands.
To tell the truth, I don't remember anything I said yesterday.
Male elephant seals can weigh up to 10 times more than females.
It's not through inventions but through improvements that fortunes are made.
You look different.
Women pay more than men for comparable personal care products 56% of the time.
Tom has written several short stories, but hasn't yet published a book.
That happened to you because you were careless.
Instead of fixing the problem, the company fired the whistle-blower.
Octopuses and squid aren't the only animals with tentacles.
Sirius is the brightest star visible in our night sky. It's in the constellation Canis Major.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
You should've heard the family's reaction when I told them the good news.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows everything about everyone.
I know a lot of French words, but I can't really speak French.
It's evident to everybody that he's in love.
The human race has one really effective weapon and that is laughter.
We can argue about how to best achieve these goals, but we can't be complacent about the goals themselves.
One of the most urgent challenges of our time is climate change.
If you're tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet, try talking with one of them in real life.
In America, we believe that a lifetime of hard work and responsibility should be rewarded with a shot at a secure, dignified retirement.
Recently, there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
I hope that you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know that I love you.
It was one of the most beautiful things that Tom had ever seen.
I've heard that you shouldn't eat red meat more than once a day.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
I've finished translating everything you asked me to translate.
Some people think Canadians are different from everybody else.
People under eighteen aren't supposed to buy alcoholic drinks.
I have the feeling that we're forgetting something important.
Three motorcyclists have died at this intersection this year.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
My grandfather was always grumbling about something or other.
As soon as it started raining, Tom realized he'd left his umbrella at home.
Spread compost on the garden beds before planting your seedlings.
You have a visitor.
You have a visitor.
You have a visitor.
How could you do this to me after all we've been through together?
The attraction was mutual.
You guys are great.
I want to learn to speak Hawaiian, so I can impress my girlfriend.
No matter what they tell me, I still plan to go to Boston on Monday.
I wonder if there'll be more snow this year than last year.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
Tom is looking for someone to teach French to his kids.
It was the right call.
That's mine. Give it back.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get all the money.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't likely be busy in the morning.
I don't think Tom wanted to show us the pictures on his smartphone.
Tom discussed every item on the menu with the waiter before he ordered.
Tom and Mary lay down side by side on the grass and looked at the clouds.
My yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
Tom had a tooth pulled out the last time he went to the dentist.
Tom saw a pretty girl in the park and wanted to talk to her.
Many years later, the author added two more chapters to the novel.
Instead of sitting next to Tom, Mary moved the chair to the other table.
Most of the fire survivors are scattered, living in other towns and cities.
Every house should have at least one carbon monoxide detector.
The police constable arrested the teenager for shoplifting.
The police constable arrested the teenager for shoplifting.
Tom preferred the company of his dogs over that of his fellow men.
After having experienced many failed relationships, Tom finally met Mary.
"Tom doesn't like talking about Boston." "Then why does he keep doing it?"
Tom always cried when his sister took away his toys, and for that very reason she loved to do so.
Tom said he'd be very surprised if Mary didn't win the tournament.
My curtains were closed, so I didn't see what was happening outside.
Tom was so confused that he didn't even know what question to ask.
George Custer was killed at the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876, along with over 200 of his men.
She skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it.
She skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it.
Luckily, I wasn't on the bus when it ran off the road into the river.
I don't usually take the bus to work, but yesterday it was raining, so I didn't feel like walking.
You're the doctor.
You're the doctor.
You are the doctor.
You are the doctor.
There are lots of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
Tom said his life has changed a lot in the last three years.
Obesity is the leading cause of preventable death after smoking.
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
You have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police.
That sounds pretty stupid.
That's why I didn't do it.
That's why I didn't do it.
You can't buy that.
You can't buy that.
You can't buy that.
You can't buy that.
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.
Tom said that he was the one responsible for what had happened.
Why do you need me?
Why do you need me?
Why do you need me?
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
I bought a house with the money I inherited from my grandfather.
I've decided to live in Australia after I graduate from college.
Tom put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to him.
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.
She recognized the brooch as the one she had lost a few months before.
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.
Even though Tom knew he'd be teased about his height, he decided to try out for the basketball team.
As soon as Tom walked into my office, he started to ask questions.
You could say that.
Tom can speak French almost as well as he can speak Spanish.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Boston for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Boston for three more weeks.
Tom asked me who the man standing in front of the statue was.
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.
Go.
Wait.
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least twenty seconds.
It is impossible to tell what a politician's true convictions are.
I don't think we'll be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
I'm not the person who should be doing this.
I'm not going if no one else is going.
You bought the food, so if I buy the wine that will even things up.
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
You could get into the Guinness Book of World Records as the heaviest drinker.
Unless you make a decision quickly, the opportunity will be lost.
It makes little difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain at any moment.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will clear up in the afternoon.
Tom always checks the caller ID before he answers the phone.
Tom wanted you to know that he's not going to be at today's meeting.
I thought Tom might be waiting for us in front of the station.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask.
Tom is my friend now, but we didn't like each other at first.
Tom is my friend now, but we didn't like each other at first.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
Tom and Mary were friends in high school and started dating a few years after graduating.
Tom and Mary plan to get married as soon as they graduate from college.
I think Tom has more than only a passing interest in what happens to me.
If you hadn't turned down Tom when he came to you for help, none of this would have happened.
There are still many things we don't know about the human brain.
You might find what you're looking for in one of these books.
The man standing in front of the hotel asked me if I needed a taxi.
Do you prefer to drink coffee or tea?
Last night, I ate some asparagus and ham at my friend's house.
When it's windy, the leaves of the old oak rustle and its branches creak.
That seems to be the plan.
You have to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I was going to go swimming today, but I left my swimming things at home.
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night.
Tom and Mary invited all their friends for a Christmas dinner at their house.
We haven't spoken to each other in a long time.
That was a lie, wasn't it?
Which sections of the newspaper interest you most?
All the salespeople are going on strike next week.
Tom is the only one in our family who has ever been to Boston.
Please open your bag so that I can see what you have in it.
That's all I can remember.
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
A supermoon can look up to 14% bigger and 30% brighter than a regular monthly full moon.
If Tom didn't know that he could count on you, he would never have asked for your help.
It's very late. Why don't you get ready for bed, and we'll talk about this again in the morning?
You are a professor.
Tom became interested in snowboarding when he was about twelve.
Men are idiots when it comes to women and I'm sure Tom is no exception.
Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.
I happened to be in the neighborhood, so I dropped in to see how Tom was doing.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
Tom and Mary's relationship fizzled out after a few months.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom and Mary can both play not only the clarinet but also the flute.
In the U.S. more than 3 million shelter animals are adopted every year.
Having a full time job and raising two kids at the same time is hard.
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.
The time will soon come when man will be able to travel to the moon.
I'm really grateful I had the money to go to a good school.
Unfortunately, I broke my leg, so I can't go skiing with you this weekend.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.
Police believe that Tom was somehow involved in the murder.
That wasn't the first time Tom got kicked out of the bar for fighting.
I know Tom is allowed to do almost anything he wants.
The pledge to stop smoking cigarettes ranks among the top ten New Year's resolutions year after year.
Tom and Mary both put their hands into the popcorn bag at the same time.
Tom's health started to deteriorate after the death of his beloved wife, Mary.
When you're young and you're in love, the world seems beautiful.
Tom sat next to his father and watched the football game with him.
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.
Many conservationists fear the continuing slaughter of whales is pushing these animals towards extinction.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.
Were you able to ride a bicycle when you were five years old?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French, or were they speaking English?
His speech went on for such a long time that some people began to fall asleep.
The girls talked about boys, and the boys talked about football.
The books are on the desk.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to miss this.
Looking at your phone as you're walking down stairs isn't a good idea.
It's not a good idea to try studying and watching TV at the same time.
I've already talked to Tom about his grades.
I'm going to tell you what needs to be done.
I'm going somewhere quiet where I can study.
I'm going to use the new hammer you gave me.
I'm going to write about my summer vacation.
Is it true Tom was in Boston last week?
I don't think you need that much money to buy what you need.
Tom and Mary rented a house in Boston after getting married.
I don't think I want to read Tom's report. The less I know, the better.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
Yes, please do that.
She plays the violin well.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.
Tom has never worn the socks that I gave him for Christmas.
It was obvious Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
That almost never happens.
That almost made me laugh.
It would be a shame to break down this door.
Sunlight flooded the room.
Many people who have diabetes don't know that they have it.
It was a very hot day.
After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.
After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher did.
I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.
I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.
Tom soon discovered that he could speak French better than his French teacher.
I wonder why so many people were in the park this afternoon.
There were a lot of people at the train station this morning.
Tom has been renting this apartment, but he doesn't live here.
Tom knew that many of the cars in the parking lot belonged to students.
I looked out the window and didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
I didn't want to go to kindergarten, but my mother made me.
The police have been searching Tom's house for three hours, but they haven't found anything yet.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
Many people seem to be interested in knowing the answer to that question.
Tom took the box to the basement and put it on top of the other boxes.
Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he drinks his first cup of coffee.
Tom doesn't yet know how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
Tom approached the police officer and requested assistance.
He had his younger sister help him paint the wall of his room.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
The media has a lot of influence on the outcome of an election.
It makes me feel better.
His mother said that he had been sick in bed for five weeks.
I felt hungry, so I went into the kitchen to get something to eat.
I don't know what they're saying, but I know they're speaking French.
Is there anything else you want to do?
Tom waited until Mary was out of earshot before he started talking.
You look very busy.
That's a very pretty name.
You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't more careful.
When you speak French, do you think people understand what you're trying to say?
I wrote down everything I needed to buy on a scrap of paper.
No matter what you do, you're not going to get me to laugh.
My neighbors started arguing about three hours ago and they're still at it.
You know Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he has his first cup of coffee.
She didn't attend the meeting for fear of meeting her ex-husband.
The next time you go to the supermarket, buy some toilet paper.
We should go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
We'd better go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
I not only borrowed money from Tom, but I also borrowed money from his wife.
I wrote Tom a letter and asked him to come visit us this summer.
I wrote Tom a letter and asked him to come visit us this summer.
I believe that Tom wouldn't be capable of doing such a thing.
I believe that Tom wouldn't be capable of doing such a thing.
I've been riding horses since I was a child.
I grew up in a very small town where everyone knew everyone.
I tried to be careful, but I ended up breaking a couple of bones.
Tom entered the teachers' room even though students weren't supposed to.
Tom went into the building even though he'd been told not to.
Tom went into the building even though he'd been told not to.
Tom went into the building even though he'd been told not to.
Albania joined NATO in April 2009 and in June 2014 became an EU candidate.
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.
What I was trying to say was that I could help Tom, but I don't want to.
If you closed the windows, we wouldn't get so many mosquitoes in the house.
An estimated 40% of the world's offshore oil production comes from the Indian Ocean.
Agriculture remains the backbone of the Kenyan economy, contributing one-third of GDP.
The decline of the USSR and the end of the Cold War allowed for German reunification in 1990.
Almost two-thirds of the island has been declared a national park.
In 1991, Croatia, Slovenia, and Macedonia declared independence, followed by Bosnia in 1992.
That was three months ago.
There is a new store down the street that is going to open the day after tomorrow.
The boy told his mother about it first of all when he got home.
That's what I really want.
Shouldn't we wait for Tom?
Tom took away his daughter's phone because he wanted her to do her homework.
"Tom doesn't like living in Boston." "Then why doesn't he leave?"
I didn't expect Tom to be able to speak French so fluently.
Why do you need it?
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
The small crowd at Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park stood for a moment of silence at 8:15 a.m., the exact moment an atomic bomb nicknamed “Little Boy” was dropped from the U.S. warplane Enola Gay.
That's why Tom isn't here.
There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead.
Mary made a reservation at a good restaurant for her boyfriend's birthday.
The paramedic ripped open Tom's shirt and took a look at the wound.
The paramedic ripped open Tom's shirt and took a look at the wound.
I just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible.
Tom was afraid to ask Mary's father's permission to marry her.
